Album: WhenForeverComesCrashing

// My Unsaid Everything //

I said that name and skipped a heartbeat.
I said it with a second chance and a forgetful smile.
I said it with a faint glimmer of suicide.
I taste my wreckage in our conversations deep under the faint hums
Of far gone engines.
With all signal flares blazing we lay somewhere in between
The smeale of yellow lines
And a year of empty promises.
I long for the grant of wings.
I long for the dead of night when all of this passes.
You never meant those three words.
Now I can't remember how to set my heart alight.
You never meant a word.
Not a fucking word of it.
I am so sick of goodbyes.
So sick of committing suicide.
I am so sick of the in between, now and then.
So sick of swinging the hammer.
So sick of my suicide, of burying every hero that I had.

// The High Cost Of Playing God //

Falling head over heels for burden and a bright light.
A high cost of playing god I guess.
Please, tell me how to survive in this.
The unforgiving role of seeing too much.
Under the dead wake of morning.
Finding solace in a diseased heart and finding love in acts of desperation.
You're no angel my friend, you're no angel.
And here we are, teetering on the edge of tried departure,
And there you are with a blessing from below.
One drop for every callous ending and one drop for every ungranted wish.
Spare me the day when I discover a new found low.

// In Harm's Way //

Goodnight dear angel, I won't be back here in burden.
I don't think we'll ever meet again.
She said that antiseptic words are just sorry answers,
And I'd have to agree.
No, I don't think we'll ever meet again.
We give everything for nothing.
Make me an offer I can't refuse.
Give me a reason and I'll give you an excuse.
I get lost in eyes like that.
Thanks but no thanks. God never did me any favors.

// Conduit //

There was nothing that I ever wanted more
Than for you to hold this deep with you heart
To lay beside me as my halo bums deep to cinder
And to the wale me from my tired life
To give this ghost a home again
When you fall short and I fall short
This is where I pretend I'm as tall as the sky
Now there is no comfort in your apology
And no comfort in this shame
This is where I can duck for cover
From the overwhelming, from the forever overhead
For the heart, for old time's sake, I'll stay warm with this
Numb from the neck up
She married me with a sympathy kiss
She married me with her heart shaped tomb
These days daydreams don't burn as bright as they us to
And your broken promises are boiling over
Every syllable my swinging hammer
And every hesitation is a loss to them
In the name of those lost to you
For them this time it is war
For me it's easier to just walk away

// The Lowest Common Denominator //

Everything is not going to be okay.

// Towing Jehovah //

Well worn wings crumble too tired to forgive
And too battered to ever forget.
I am the labor, I am this.
I hang as your beloved hex.
I'll bring the nails and fevers of bad dreams.
Nail him. Burden her. Kill you.
Bury them. It's all the same.
Holding your rope. Try to forget me now.
Great leveller the sky tries to forget my name on days like this.

// When Forever Comes Crashing //

For the swarms will come and reap your day dreams of love and hope.
For the fears and blood stained faith are woven through her year of war.
And the sadder song of broken wings heard
Through the battered pavement among this city.
Deafening, it betrays me in the sweetest and of the greatest of dreams.
These moments can't avoid you.
Your tired faith cannot erase you.
Tonight the lonesome sky opens wide.
Forgive me, 2 a.m. my city lights burn bright as day.
Catching the flattering silhouettes of the tired and the damned.
I am tapped clean of respect, and I'm walking waist deep in ruin.
If this is need then I never wanted you.
This is a monument to our everything
Before our forever comes crashing. I loved you.

// Ten Cents //

I'm losing sleep a thousand miles away from my you.
Unloved, in the dialtone, it's just not that simple
When the perfect words don't ever seem to fit.
She just slipped under harmony and now I'm empty handed.
I'm just half empty, a second best.
Somewhere it's too soon, it's just not enough.
It's never enough.

// Year Of The Swine //

You carry the loyalty of dogs so you shall be led to the slaughter as swine.
It all seemed so real when you whispered,
Adorned with rose petals and the best of intention.
Bleeding softly. I wonder if he ever felt as warm.
It's late and my ears can't listen and there is no one to life me to my feet.
But I still dream of you twisting and contorting beneath a garbage bag veil.
And this is how it ends. Pretty and black as the soul.
Just for one split instant I want to be the lucky one.
Not to have the pleasure of tasting the salt of my own tears when we kiss.
I've been saving my own soul for years
And every instant I have been slaughtered as swine.

// Letterbomb //

I can tell by the weight of your words, that this is over.
All the "should"'ve but could"ves" can no longer be.
This is the second death in the exquisite art of forgetting.
And I promise this to you I'll burn this devotion clean,
Filling every hole in my heart.
All of these melancholy moments can sometimes sink.
Everything you were is fiction.
Everything you are is fiction and if you see
The chin down tongue tied this is all I have to offer.
I thought I'd never be asking.
This is my last laugh in this place of dying.
And for you, this is the last goodbye you'll ever hear.
It's not suppose to end like this.

// Love As Arson //

All these fairy tales forever welcome everyone in,
And it's no wonder that she fell from his great blue sky.
I can still taste my defeat on these lips
And you still have Hell welled up in your eyes.
I will burn that bridge when we get it it. Erase the sun.
These days we laugh a little slower,
And we push our fears a little lower than I ever thought we'd sink.
To those who've killed this hope, a presage,
I will rise again. Phoenix in flight,
I'm here to break your wings. I welcome this.
Don't let this heart stop beating I won't let this heart stop beating
And I will rise again and again. I will rise again

