Album: GeorgeJonesSalutesHankWilliams

// Hey, Good Lookin' //

Hey, Hey,  good lookin' what you got cookin'?
Hows about cookin' something up with me
Hey, sweet baby, don't you think maybe
You could find us a brand new recipe?

I got a hotrod Ford and a two dollar bill
And I know a spot right over the hill
Have sugar pop and the dance is free
So if you wanna have fun come along with me.

Say hey, good lookin' what you got cookin'
Hows about cookin' something up with me?

I'm free and I'm ready so we can go steady
Hows about sharing all of your company
Hey, hey, sweet baby, don't you think maybe
You could find us a brand new recipe?

I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence
And buy me one for five or ten cents
Keep it 'til it's covered with age
'Cause I'm writin' your name down on every page.

Say, hey, good lookin' what you got cookin'
Hows about cookin' something up with me?..

// Howlin' At The Moon //

I know there's never been a man in the awful shape I'm in
I can't even spell my name, my heads in such a spin
Today I tried to eat a steak with a big old tablespoon
You got me chasin' rabbits, walkin' on my hands
And a-howlin' at the moon.

Well look, I took one look at you 
And it almost drove me mad
And then I even went and lost what little sense I had
Now I can't tell the day from night, I'm crazy as a loon
You got me chasin' Rabbits, pullin' out my hair 
And a-howlin' at the moon.

Some friends of mine asked me to go out on a huntin' spree
'Cause there ain't a hound dog in this state 
That can hold a light to me
I eat three bones for dinner today, then I tried to tree a 'Coon
You got me chasin' Rabbits, scratchin' fleas 
And a-howlin' at the moon.

I rode my horse to town today and a gas pump we did pass
I pulled 'im up and I hollered whoa!, said fill 'em up with gas
The man picked up a monkey wrench and wham!, 
He changed my tune
You got me chasin' rabbits, spittin' out teeth 
And a-howlin' at the moon.

I never thought in this old world a fool could fall so hard
But honey, baby, when I fell the whole world 
Must have jarred
I think I'd quit my doggish ways 
If you'd take me for your groom
You got me chasin' rabbits, pickin' out rings 
And a-howlin' at the moon...

// There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight //

I'll pretend I'm free from sorrow,
Make believe that wrong is right;
Your wedding day will be tomorrow,
But there'll be no teardrops tonight.

Why, oh why should you desert me,
Are you doin' this for spite;
If you only want to hurt me,
Then there'll be no teardrops tonight.

I'll believe that you still love me,
When you wear your veil of white;
But you think that you're above me,
And there'll be no teardrops tonight.

Shame, oh shame for what you're doin',
Other arms will hold you tight;
You don't care whose life you ruin,
So, there'll be no teardrops tonight...

// Half As Much //

If you loved me half as much as I love you
You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do
You're nice to me when there's no one else around
You only build me up to let me down.

If you missed me half as much as I miss you
You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do
I know that I would never be this blue
If you only loved me half as much as I love you.

If you loved me half as much as I love you
You wouldn't worry me half as much as you do
You're nice to me when there's no one else around
You only build me up to let me down.

If you missed me half as much as I miss you
You wouldn't stay away half as much as you do
I know that I would never be this blue
If you only loved me half as much as I love you...

// Why Don't You Love Me (Like You Use To Do)? //

Well, Why don't you love me like you used to do?
How come you treat me like a worn out shoe?
My hair's still curly, my eyes are still blue
So why don't you love me like you used to do?

Can't have no lovin' like a huggin' 
And a kissin' in a long, long while
We don't get near or further 
Or closer than a country mile.

Why don't you spark me like you used to do?
And say sweet nothin' like you used to do
I'm the same old trouble you've always been through
So why don't you love me like you used to do?

Well, Why don't you be just like you used to be?
How come you find so many faults with me
Somebody changed, so let me give you a clue
Why don't you love me like you used to do?

Can't have no lovin' like a huggin' 
And a kissin' in a long, long while
We don't get near or further 
Or closer than a country mile.

Why don't you say the things you used to say?
What makes you treat me like a piece of clay
My hair's still curly and my eyes are still blue
So why don't you love me like you used to do?..

// Honky Tonkin' //

When you are sad and lonely and have no place to go
Call me up, sweet baby, and bring along some dough
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'
We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.

When you and your baby have a fallin' out
Just call me up sweet mama and we'll go steppin' out
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'
We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town.

We're goin' to the city - to the city fair
If you go to the city then you will find me there
And we'll go honky tonkin', honky tonkin'
We'll go honky tonkin', honey baby
We'll go honky tonkin' 'round this town...

// I Can't Help It (If I'm Still In Love With You) //

Today I passed you on the street
And my heart fell at your feet
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you
Somebody else stood by your side
And he looked so satisfied
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.

A picture from the past came slowly stealing
As I brushed your arm and walked so close to you
Then suddenly I got that old time feeling
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you.

It's hard to know another's lips will kiss you
And hold you just the way I used to do
Oh, heaven only knows how much I miss you
I can't help it if I'm still in love with you...

// Settin' The Woods On Fire //

Comb your hair and paint and powder,
You act proud and I'll act prouder, 
You sing loud and I'll sing louder, 
Tonight we're settin' the woods on fire,  

You're my gal and I'm your feller,
Dress up in your frock of yeller,
I'll look swell, but you'll look sweller,
Settin' the woods on fire.

We'll take in all the honkey tonks,
Tonight we're havin' fun;
We'll show the folks a brand new dance,
That never has been done,

I don't care who thinks we're silly,
You be Daffy and I'll be Dilly,
We'll order up two bowls of chili,
Settin' the woods on fire.

I'll gas up my hot rod stoker,
We'll get hotter than a poker,
You'll be broke, but I'll be broker,
Tonight, we're settin' the woods on fire,

We'll set close to one another,
Up one street and down the other,
We'll have a time, oh brother,
Settin' the woods on fire.

We'll put aside a little time,
To fix a flat or two;
My tires and tubes are doing fine,
But the air is showin' through,

You clap hands and I'll start bowin',
We'll do all the law's allowin',
Tomorrow I'll be right back plowin',
Settin the woods on fire...

