Album: IWishTonightWouldNeverEnd

// Old Old House //

There's an old old house that once was a mansion
On a hill overlookin' the own
Where time's left a wreck where once was a beauty
And soon the old house will tumble down

When the leaves begin to fall in the autumn
And the raindrops drip from the trees
There's an old old man who walks in the garden
And his head is bowed in memory.

They say he built the mansion for the love of a woman
And they planned to be married in the fall
But her love withered in the last days of summer
And the house stands empty after all.

// I Saw Me //

For the first time tonight I saw me
And I said to myself what a fool
He placed a crown on your head
Believed the lies, each one you said
For the first time tonight I saw me.

Yes, I looked into my eyes
And saw the reason why she cried
Saw a picture of a fool
Who should still be by her side.

For the first time tonight I saw me
And I'm ashamed for now I can see
Love she gave all in vain
I was one, her everything
For the first time tonight I saw me.

Yes, I looked into my eyes
And saw the reason why she cried
Saw a picture of a fool
Who should still be by her side.

For the first time tonight I saw me
And I'm ashamed for now I can see
Love she gave all in vain
I was one, her everything
For the first time tonight I saw me.

Yes, for the first time tonight I saw me...

// Every Time I Look At You //

I see a beautiful rose
And my heart with love overflows
I get a feeling that I never knew
Every time that I look at you.

The world looks so different to me
Everything's so pretty I see
I get a feeling that I never knew
Every time that I look at you.

The world is your lips so divine
In you arms heaven is mine
I always see a dream come true
Every time that I look at you.

Every time that I look at you

// I Wish Tonight Would Never End //

Go out on a date with me tonight kiss me hard and hold me tight
Baby, I've loved you for so long
You're really just a huggin' and kiss and pet, make love that ain't been made yet
Baby, true love just can't be wrong.

Well, we'll a make love underneath the stars under a lover's moon
Make us some plans about a weddin' day that's comin' up real soon
So I'm a gonna take you out tonight and I'm a gonna treat you real, real nice
Wish that tonight would never end.

Well, a we'll a get in about two o'clock and all your neighbors in the block
They won't know what time that you get in
'Cause we'll a just a sneak up to your door, kiss me once and I'll beg for more
Wish that tonight would never end.

Yeah, yeah, we'll make love underneath the stars under a lover's moon
Make us some plans about a weddin' day that's comin' up real soon
So I'm a gonna take you out tonight and I'm a gonna treat you real, real nice
Wish that tonight would never end...

// Ain't It Funny What A Fool Will Do //

(Funny what a fool will do.)

Here am I without your arms again
Oh, how many times have you walked out and walked back in
And I cried just like a baby, after you
Oh, oh, It's funny what a fool will do.

Here am I with empty arms, again
Counting all the times that you walked out and walked back in
Still my heart goes right on wanting you
Oh, oh, It's funny what a fool will do.

Is you love worth all these heartaches, I don't think so
I can't hold you and yet I can't let you go
You just keep and I hope my faith in you
Oh, oh,  It's funny what a fool will do.

Oh, oh,  It's funny what a fool will do...

// There's No Justice //

Oh, I told you if you walked out on me we were through
And you told me that it couldn't matter less to you
You turned me down for someone who wouldn't turn a hand for you
There no justice in this world anymore.

There no justice in this world anymore
Sometimes I ask myself what am I livin' for
If wrong can triumph over right
If we are licked before a fight
There no justice in this world anymore.

Oh, you turn me down because you knew I loved you so
And you tried to see exactly how far you could go
Well, I thought that you would change your mind
But there's no hope for now I find
There no justice in this world anymore.

There no justice in this world anymore
Sometimes I ask myself what am I livin' for
If wrong can triumph over right
If we are licked before the fight
There no justice in this world anymore

// I Can't Change Over Night //

There's a love in my heart that I've been keeping.
I don't know how to give it away to someone new.
Oh, you walked out the door and left me weeping,
And I can't change overnight, from loving you.

If I can't walk with you, then I'll walk all alone.
Till my feet touch the ground, and that's where I'll call home.
I don't like all this loneliness that I go through.
But I can't change overnight, from loving you.

Oh, you say to forget the lips I used to kiss.
Find someone to take your place, or the love I once knew.
Yes, you walked out the door and left me weeping,
And I can't change overnight, from loving you.

If I can't walk with you, then I'll walk all alone.
Where my feet touch the ground, then that's where I'll call home.
I don't like all this loneliness that I go through.
But I can't change overnight, from loving you...

// In The Shadow Of A Lie //

I lead a rich rewarding life, a wife, a home, a car
But generally you can find me down in some dim lit bar
I hold all the pleasures of the world, this fact I can't deny
But I'm living, yes, I'm living in the shadow of a lie
My wife's first husband and myself were on a fishin' trip
He was in our rowboat, me on shore, when I saw my partner slip
A hellish thing took hold of me and I delayed my rescue dash
Still I knew my lover husband had finally breathed his last
I took his body back to town and restrained a happy smile
When they said there'd be a hearin', wouldn't even be a trial
That a fine upstanding citizen like me could do no wrong
And the walls between me and my love would finally soon be gone
Now just when my world glows brightest and warm thoughts run through my head
A chilling darkness hovers like a demon over head
And sometimes the guilt inside me reigns so strong I hope to die
For I'm living, is it living, in the shadow of a lie...

