Album: MyFavoritesOfHankWilliams

// You're Gonna Change (Or I'm Gonna Leave) //

Well, you wore out a brand new trunk
Packin' and unpackin' your junk
Your daddy's mad he's done got peeved
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave.

You're gonna change your way of livin'
Change the things you do
Stop doin' all the things that you oughtn't to
Your daddy's mad he's done got peeved
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave.

Well, now this ain't right and that ain't wrong
You just keep a-naggin' all the day long
It's gotta stop I don't mean please
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave.

The way they keep a lover happy
Make her do what's right
It's love her every morning love her out at night
Your daddy's mad he's done got peeved
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave.

Well, now every time you get mad
You pack your rags and you go back to dad
You tell him lies he don't believe
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave.

You're gonna change your way of livin'
Change the things you do
Stop doin' all the things that you oughtn't to
Your daddy's mad he's done got peeved
You're gonna change or I'm a gonna leave...

// You Win Again //

The news is out all over town 
that you've been seen a runnin' round
I know that I should leave but then 
I just can't go, you win again.

This heart of mine could never see 
What everybody knew but me
Just trusting you was my great sin 
What can I do, you win again.

I'm sorry for your victim now 
'Cause soon his head like mine will bow
He'll give his heart but all in vain 
And someday say, you win again.

You have no heart you have no shame 
You take true love and give the blame
I guess that I should not complain 
I love you still, you win again...

// Mansion On The Hill //

Tonight, down here in the valley 
I'm lonesome and oh, how I feel
As I sit here alone in my cabin 
I can see your mansion on the hill.

Do you recall when we parted 
The story to me you revealed
You said you could live without love, dear 
In your loveless mansion on the hill.

I've waited all through the years, love 
To give you a heart true and real
'Cause I know you're living in sorrow
In your loveless mansion on the hill.

The light shine bright from your window
The trees stand so silent and still
And I know you're alone with your pride, dear
In your loveless mansion on the hill...

// I Just Don't Like This Kind Of Livin' //

I just don't like this kind of livin' I'm tired of doin' all the givin'
I give my all and sit and yearn and get no lovin' in return
And I just don't like this kind of livin'
Why do we stay together if we always fuss and fight
You ain't never done to be wrong and I ain't never been right
Tell me where you think we're goin' cause I ain't got no way of knowin'
When things go wrong you go your way you leave me here to pay and pay
And I just don't like this kind of livin'

I just don't like the things you're doin' your evil heart will be your ruin
When things start running smooth and free you haul right off and you pick on me
And I just don't like this way of livin'
They say the road of love is long it's rocky and it's rough
But if this road don't start to get smooth I've traveled it long enough
Why don't you act a little bit older and get that chip off of your shoulder
Well I told you once now I'll tell you twice you better start to treatin' me nice
Cause I just don't like this kind of livin'

// Lonesome Whistle //

I was ridin' No 9 headin' south from Caroline
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow
Got in trouble had to roam I left my gal and left my home
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow.

Just a kid acting smart I went and broke my darling's heart
I guess I was too young to know
They took me off that Georgia Main locked me to a ball and chain
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow.

All alone I bear the shame, I'm a number not a name
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow
All I do is sit and cry when the evening train goes by
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow.

I'll be locked here in this cell till my body's just a shell
And my hair turns whiter than snow
I'll never see that gal of mine, I'm in Georgia doing time
I heard that lone-vow-vow-some whistle blow...

// Wedding Bells //

I have the invitation that you sent me 
You wanted me to see you change your name
I couldn't stand to see you wed another 
But dear I hope you're happy just the same.

Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel 
That should be ringing now for you and me
Down the aisle with someone else you're walking
Those wedding bells will never ring for me.

I planned a little cottage in the valley 
I even brought a little band of gold
I thought someday I'll place it on your finger
But now the future looks so dark and cold.

I fancy that I see a bunch of roses 
A blossom from an orange tree in your hair
And while the organ plays I'll love you truly 
Please let me pretend that I am there.

Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel 
Ever since the day you set me free
I knew someday that you would wed another 
But wedding bells will never ring for me...

// Your Cheatin' Heart //

Your cheatin' heart
Will make you weep
You'll cry and cry
And try to sleep.

But sleep won't come
The whole night through
Your cheatin' heart
Will tell on you.

When tears come down
Like fallin' rain
You'll toss around
And call my name.

You'll walk the floor
The way I do
Your cheatin' heart
Will tell on you.

Your cheatin' heart
Will pine someday
And crave the love
You threw away.

The time will come
When you'll be blue
Your cheatin' heart
Will tell on you.

When tears come down
Like fallin' rain
You'll toss around
And call my name.

You'll walk the floor
The way I do
Your cheatin' heart
Is gonna tell on you...

// They'll Never Take Her Love From Me //

(No they'll never, ever take her love from me)

If today the sun should set on all my hopes and cares
There is one who's smiling face, the God's would see
'Cause she'll walk along beside me, up to golden stairs
Oh, they'll never, ever take her love from me.

What a fool I was to go and break the trust she gave
And to see her love turn into sympathy
It's the one regret I'll carry with me to my grave
Oh, they'll never, ever take her love from me.

I'm so thankful for each golden hour of happiness
That we shared together in the used to be
Someone else's arms may hold her now in uncaress
But they'll never, ever take her love from me.

I thought I could make her happy if I'd step aside
But I knew her love would never set me free
And even on the day that she became another's bride
I'll say, they'll never, ever take her love from me...

// I Heard You Crying In Your Sleep //

I know you tried your best to love me,
You smiled when your heart told you to weep;
You tried to pretend that you were happy,
Last night I heard you crying in your sleep.

You gave the best years of your life, Dear,
And each precious vow you tried to keep;
I love you so much I want you happy,
Last night I heard you crying in your sleep.

Your heart is yearning for an old love,
With new love it's useless to compete;
It hurts me to know you are unhappy,
'Cause, last night I heard you crying in your sleep.

You know that you are free to go, Dear,
And don't mind if I start to weep;
I know I can never make you happy,
'Cause last night I heard you crying in your sleep...

// A House Without Love //

For years we both have lived on pride, dear
And we agree that love is gone
Why, oh why do we keep tryin'
A house without love is not a home.

The love light in your eyes has faded
And I'm contented just to roam
We slaved to gain a worthless treasure
A house without love is not a home.

No matter where our footsteps wander
I know we'll both be all alone
With the pride that came between us
A house without love is not a home.

The simple things have gone forever
We wanted wealth to call our own
And now we've reached the hour of parting
A house without love is not a home.

