Album: Sunbather

// Dream House //

Hindered by sober restlessness. Submitting to the amber crutch. The theme in my aching prose. Fantasizing the sight of Manhattan; that pour of a bitter red being that escapes a thin frame. The rebirth of mutual love. The slipping on gloves to lay tenderly.

"I'm dying."
- "Is it blissful?"
"It's like a dream."
- "I want to dream."

// Sunbather //

held my breath and drove through a maze of wealthy homes. I watched how green the trees were. I watched the steep walkways and the white fences. I gripped the wheel. I sweated against the leather. I watched the dogs twist through the wealthy garden. I watched you lay on a towel in grass that exceeded the height of your legs. I gazed into reflective eyes. I cried against an ocean of light.

Crippled by the cushion, I sank into sheets frozen by rose pedal toes. My back shivered for your pressed granite nails. Dishonest and ugly through the space in my teeth. Break bones down to yellow and crush gums into blood. The hardest part for the weak was stroking your fingers with rings full of teeth..

It's 5 A.M...and my heart flourishes at each passing moment.

Always and forever.

// Please Remember //

Twisting and turning beside the slumbering Tereza, he recalled something she had told him a long time before in the course of an insignificant conversation. They had been talking about his friend Z, when she announced, 'If I hadn't met you, I'd certainly have fallen in love with him.'

Even then, her words had left Tomas in a strange state of melancholy, and now he realized it was only a matter of chance that Tereza loved him and not his friend Z. Apart from her consummated love for Tomas, there were, in the realm of possibility, an infinite number of unconsummated loves for other men.

We all reject out of hand the idea that the love of our life may be something light or weightless; we presume our love is what must be, that without it our life would no longer be the same; we feel Beethoven himself, gloomy and awe-inspiring, is playing to our own great love.

// Vertigo //

Destined as the servant to the night where your moon dreams of the dirt and the sharp tongue of your zealous will is only congruent with the salt in your mouth and the approaching eulogy of the world. Lost in the patterns of youth and the ghost of your aches comes back to haunt you. And the forging of change makes no difference. Memories fly through the mask of your life shielding you from time. The years that birthed the shell that you gained. Hunched over in apathetic grief with a disregard for steps except the one taken back. Perched up on a rope crafted in smoke / a sword wielding death that buried your hope. Focusing on light through the blinds. A slave to reality under a monarch in the sky. Lost in the patterns of youth where the windows shine brightly back at you.

// The Pecan Tree //

Drooling red from my eyes to meet the bitter sun that shines past into light. Setting fire to curtains in hope that you're dreaming. Destroying the tomb of memories from your life. In the room full of family, but couldn't find one. In the hallways lit up brightly, but couldn't find myself. I laid drunk on the concrete on the day of your birth in
Celebration of all you were worth.
I am my father's son.
I am no one.
I cannot love.
It's in my blood.

