// Set The World Afire //

(I don't want to set the world on fire...)

Red flash, clouds choking out the morning sky
They said it'd never come, we knew it was a lie
All forms of life die now, the humans all succumb
Time to kiss your ass goodbye, the end has just begun

Distorted figures walk the street, it's 1999
Weeds once underneath your feet have grown to vines
Bodies melted like a candle, a land without a face
No time to change your fate, no time left, it's too late

The arsenal of megadeath can't be rid they said
And if it comes, the living will envy the dead
Racing for power, and all come in last
No winning, first stone cast
This falsehood, worldly peace
Its treaties soon will cease

No one will be left to prove that humans existed
Maybe soon the children will be born open-fisted
We all live on one planet it will all go up in smoke

Too bad they couldn't see this lethal energy
And now the final scene, a global darkening

Dig deep, piles of rubble and ruins
Towering overhead both far and wide
There's unknown tools for World War III
Einstein said "We'll use rocks on the other side."
No survivors!

Set the world afire!

No survivors, set the world afire!

// Anarchy In The U.K. //

Right now
I am an anti-Christ
And I am an anarchist
Don't know what I want, but I know how get it
I want to destroy, possibly ?

'Cause I want to be anarchy, no dog's body

Anarchy for the U.S.A.
It's coming sometime, it may be
I give a wrong time, stop a traffic light
Your future dream is a shopping spree

'Cause I want to be anarchy, in the city

Of many ways to get what you want
I use the best, I use the rest
I use the enemy
I use anarchy

'Cause I want to be anarchy, it's the only way to be

Is this the M.P.L.A. ?
Is this the U.D.A. ?
Is this the I.R.A. ?
I thought it was the U.S.A., or just another country
And other cunt-like tendencies
'Cause I want to be anarchy,'cause I want to be
Anarchy, you know what I mean ?

'Cause I want to be anarchist, again I'm pissed

Destroy !

// Mary Jane //

"Forgive me father, for I have sinned
I'm a child of the air, I'm a witch of the wind...
And I'm still wide awake"
Mary Jane!

From the earth, up through the trees
I can hear her calling me
Her voice rides on the breeze
Oh, it's haunting me

No, can't get away
No, there's no escape (I'm going crazy)
If I know I'm going crazy
I must not be insane

Beware, my friends, as you pass by
As you are now, so once was I
As I'm now, so you must be
Prepare, my friends, to follow me

Forgive me father, for I have sinned
I'm a child of the air, I'm a witch of the wind
Fingers gripped around my brain
No control, my mind is lame
I'm in the astral plane, and I'll never be the same
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never

Beware, my friends, as you pass by
As you are now, so once was I
As I'm now, so you must be
Prepare, my friends, to follow me
It hurts so bad, I can't breathe
Prepare to follow me

// 502 //

Pull over, shithead, this is the cops

Full tanks, pocket lined with cash
Full throttle, gonna rip some ass
Drive all day, and through the night
Romance the road,winding left to right

The stars above guide me, the moonlight is free
A feeling inside me, and the whole world to see

Driving fast makes me feel good
The speed of light trapped under my hood
Breaking laws, 'cause there's nothing to do
Driving the interstate, stopped for a 502

Hundreds of miles rolled of today
Sings lose their meaning, minutes tick away
Dirt roads to interstates, I must have drove them all
Cigarettes and burgers, caffeine and alcohol

Drive until daybreak, always on the go
Life on the freeway, night shift till dawn patrol

Driving fast makes me feel good
The speed of light trapped under my hood
Breaking laws, 'cause there's nothing to do
Driving the interstate, stopped for a 502

Stopped for a 502, next time it's gonna be you
Stars above guide me
This feeling inside me
I drive until daybreak
Life on the freeway is hell
I'm coming through

// In My Darkest Hour //

In my hour of need...
Heh, no, you're not there
And though I reached out for you
Wouldn't lend a hand
Through the darkest hour
Your grace did not shine on me
Feels so cold, very cold
No one cares for me

Did you ever think I'd get lonely?
Did you ever think that I needed love?
Did you ever think to stop thinking?
You're the only one that I'm thinking of
You'll never know how hard I tried
To find my space and satisfy you too

Things will be better when I'm dead and gone
Don't try to understand
Knowing you I'm probably wrong
But, oh, how I lived my life for you
Still you'd turn away
Now, as I die for you
My flesh still crawls as I breathe your name
All these years I thought I was wrong
Now I know it was you
Raise your head, raise your face, your eyes
Tell me who you think you are

I walk, I walk alone
Into the promised land
There's a better place for me
But it's far, far away
Everlasting life for me
In a perfect world
But I gotta die first
Please, God, send me on my way

Time has a way of taking time
Loneliness is not only felt by fools
Alone, I call to ease the pain
Yearning to be held by you, alone, so alone, I'm lost
Consumed by the pain
The pain, the pain, the pain
Won't you hold me again?
You just laughed... ha, ha, you bitch!
My whole life is work built on the past
But the time has come when all things shall pass
This good thing passed away

// Liar //

You take great pride in never having lived up to anything
Lie, steal, cheat, and kill, a real bad guy
Your daddy is a wino, and your mommy's quite insane
From altar boy to sewer rat, you don't give a damn
Your sister is a junkie, gets "it" any way she can
Your brother's a gay singer in a stud leather band
Your girlfriend's got herpes to go with your Hep and AIDS
There ain't one person you know you ain't ripped off yet

Look deep in the mirror, look deep into its eyes
Your face is replaced, a creature you despise
But I know what you're made of, it ain't much I'm afraid
I know you'll be lying until your dying day

Make up your stories, but truth's so hard to say
Brain is numb and your tongue will surely dig your grave
Your mind is sickly from Alzheimer's disease
And decadence and debauchery killed your memories

You're a liar, liar, liar, everyone can see
You're a liar, liar, liar, it's all you'll ever be
You're a liar, liar, liar, it's what you mean to me
Liar, liar, lies...

Start trouble, spread pain
Piss and venom in your veins
Talk nasty, breathe fire
Smell rotten, you're a liar
Sweat liquor, breathe snot
Eat garbage, spit blood
Diseased, health hazard
Scum bag, filthy bastard
Greasy face, teeth decay
Hair matted, drunk all day
Abscessed, sunken veins
Rot gut, scrambled brain
Steal money, crash cars
Rob jewelry, hock guitars
Rot in hell, it's time you know
To your master, off you go

You're a liar
A fucking liar
Filthy liar
You, you, you, you fucking liar!
You're a liar

// Hook In Mouth //

A cockroach in the concrete, courthouse tan and beady eyes
A slouch with fallen arches, purging truths into great lies
A little man with a big eraser, changing history
Procedures that he's programmed to, all he hears and sees
Altering the facts and figures, events and every issue
Make a person disappear, and no one will ever miss you

Rewrites every story, every poem that ever was
Eliminates incompetence, and those who break the laws
Follow the instructions of the New Way's Evil Book of Rules
Replacing rights with wrongs, the files and records in the schools

You said you've got the answers, well who asked you anyway?
Ever think maybe it was meant to be this way?
Don't try to fool us, we know the worst is yet to come
And I believe my kingdom will come

F is for fighting, R is for red
Ancestors' blood in battles they've shed
E, we elect them, E, we eject them
In the land of the free and the home of the brave
D for your dying, O, your overture
M, they will cover your grave with manure
This spells out 'FREEDOM', it means nothing to me
As long as there's our PMRC

F is for fighting, R is for red
Ancestors' blood in battles they've shed
E, we elect them, E, we eject them
In the land of the free and the home of the brave
D for your dying, O, your overture
M is for money, you know what that cures
This spells out 'FREEDOM', it means nothing to me
As long as there's our PMRC

F is for fighting, R is for red
Ancestors' blood in battles they've shed
E, we elect them, E, we eject them
In the land of the free and the home of the brave
D for your dying, O, your overture
M, they will cover your grave with manure
This spells out 'FREEDOM', it means nothing to me
As long as there's our PMRC

Put your hand right up my shirt
Pull the strings that make me work
Jaws will part, words fall out
Like a fish with hook in mouth

Rewrites every story, every poem that ever was
Eliminates incompetence, and those who break the laws
Follow the instructions of the New Way's Evil Book of Rules
Replacing rights with wrongs, the files and records in the schools

I'm not a fish, I'm a man
Hook in mouth!

