Album: TheFabulousCountryMusicSoundOfGeorgeJones

// Sweet Dreams //

Sweet dreams of you
Every night I go through
Why cant I forget you and start my life anew
Instead of having sweet dreams about you.

You don't love me its plain
I should know you'll never wear my ring
I should hate you the whole night through
Instead of having sweet dreams about you.

Sweet dreams of you
Things I know can't come true 
Why cant I forget you and start my life anew
Instead of having sweet dreams about you...

// Window Up Above //

I've been living a new way
Of life that I love so
But I can see the clouds are gath'ring
And the storm will wreck our home
For last night he held you tightly
And you didn't even shove
This is true for I've been watching
From the window up above.

You must have thought that I was sleeping
And I wish that I had been
But I guess it's best to know you
And the way your heart can sin
I thought we belonged together
And our hearts fit like a glove
I was wrong for I've been watching
From the window up above.

From my eyes the teardrops started
As I listened on and on
I heard you whisper to him softly
That our marriage was all wrong
But I hope he makes you happy
And you will never lose his love
I was wrong, I was watching
From the window up above.

How I wish I could be dreaming
And wake up to an honest love
I was wrong for I was watching
From the window up above...

// Yes, I Know Why //

Yes, I know why I want to cry, it's over you
But I'm painting the town feelin' blue
If you've ever loved one that's untrue
Then you'll know why I want to cry, it's over you.

Well, I've tried you all over again
And you just lied all over again
Guess I'm asking for heartaches of you
Yes, I know why I want to cry, it's over you.

Well, I've tried you all over again
And you just lied all over again
If you've ever love one that's untrue
Yes, I know why I want to cry, it's over you.

Yes, I know why I want to cry, it's over you...

// Accidentally On Purpose //

In the papers I saw you this morning
You were lovely, dressed in your wedding gown
And it said you would marry a stranger to me
That had drifted into our old home town

Accident'ly, you met him one ev'ning
And you say it was love at first sight
Accident'ly on purpose you're marryin'
Accident'ly on purpose, for spite

For you say that you saw me out painting the town
That I was just a fool with the heart of a clown
Accident'ly, you were mistaken that night
Accident'ly on purpose, for spite

Yes, you say that you saw me out painting the town
That I was just a fool with the heart of a clown
Accident'ly, you were mistaken that night
Accident'ly on purpose, for spite

// Who Shot Sam //

Well, I met Sammy Samson down in New Orleans
He had a lot of money and a big limousine
He took us honky-tonkin' on a Saturday night
We met Silly Milly, everything was all right
Her eyes started rollin', we should a-went a-bowlin'
Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.

Well, Sam and Silly Milly, about a quarter to four
Was rompin' and a-stompin' on the hardwood floor
Along came Flirty Mirty bargin' in on the fun
Silly Milly got jealous and she pulled out a gun
Tables started crashin', fourty-four's a-flashin'
Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.

Well, the police, fire chief, highway patrol
Knockin' down the front door with a big long pole
Sammy was a lyin' on the cold-cold floor
Shot through the middle with a fourty-four
Milly was a-cryin', Sam was surely dyin'
Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.

Well, they took Silly Milly to the jail down town
Booked Silly Milly for a-shootin' old Sam
The judge he gave her twenty, Milly said that's a lot
You shouldn't give me nothing, he was already half shot
A-drinkin' white lightnin' started all the fightin'
Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my.

Well, the police, fire chief, highway patrol
Knockin' down the front door with a big long pole
Sammy was a lyin' on the cold-cold floor
Shot through the middle with a fourty-four
Milly was a-cryin', Sam was surely dyin'
Wham-bam, who shot Sam, my-my...

// Any Old Time //

Any old time you want to come back home
Drop me a line I'm lonesome since you're gone
I had my chance I played the game unfair
But when you left me sweetheart
I never thought I'd really care
Now that you're gone I don't know what to do
Won't you please come back I'm still in love with you
You'll find me here like the day you left me alone
Any old time you want to come back home

You'll find me here like the day you left me alone
Any old time you want to come back home

// Heartbreak Hotel //

Well, since my baby left me
I found a new place to dwell
It's down at the end of lonely street
It's heartbreak hotel.

Oh well, baby
I've been so lonely, baby
I've been so lonely
I've been so lonely I could die.

Although it's always crowded,
You still can find some room.
For broken hearted lovers
To cry there in the gloom.

Oh well, I've been so lonely, baby
I've been so lonely
I've been so lonely I could die.

Well, the bell hops tears keep flowin'
The desk clerks dressed in black.
It's been so long on lonely street
They ain't ever gonna look back.

I've been so lonely baby,
I've been so lonely,
I've been so lonely I could die.

Well now, if your baby leaves you,
You got a tale to tell.
You take a walk down lonely street
To heartbreak hotel.

Well, I've been so lonely baby,
I've been so lonely,
I've been so lonely I could die.

// Go Away With Me //

Go go go away with me mhm
Far from his heart and eyes I can love you and you'll realize
That your life holds so much in store
When you wanted and loved and adored
Go go go away with me and I know you soon will forget
His false love that's haunting your memories
Go and you'll never regret
You're his plaything and nothing more
He will hurt you he's done it before
Then you'll cry out cry out in vain
For his heart to go wondering again
Go go go away with me...
Go go go away with me mhm

// No Money In This Deal //

Well, I can meet you on the street
And I'll stop and talk to you
You can walk around the block
And I will walk around it too.

But you can sit down in the park
Do some lovin' in the dark
But to me you don't appeal
Cause there ain't no money in this deal.

Now you might say to me let's eat
I might say my name is Pete
And you say that yours is Joy
But I know it could be Loy.

We can go ahead and fill
A life that isn't real
Later I might say I'm Bill
Cause there ain't no money in this deal.

Well, if you want me dear
Come and get me I'll be here
And I will marry you
If you say that you will do.

Anything I say until
You buy me an automobile
But I won't stay with you still
There's some money in this deal.

Well, then she turned around and said
She'd rather be dead
Than to see me spend her money
When I ain't never called her honey.

And then for her thrill
She already got her fill
Told me to go find another
Cause there ain't no money in this deal.

I mean it baby there's no money in this deal

