Album: GetOnTheGoodFoot

// I Know It's True //

I found someone to love me
I found someone who loves me
I found someone who loves me
I found someone who loves me
I know it's true, I love you
I found someone who loves me

Do you, do you, do you need someone to love you?
Do you, do you need someone to love you?
Do you need someone to love you?
Do you, do you, do you need someone to love you?
I know it's true, I love you
I found someone who loves me

I know it's true
I know it's true

I found someone who wanna believe in me
I found someone who wanna believe in me
I found someone who wanna believe in me
I found someone who wanna believe in me
I know it's true, I love you
I found someone who loves me

I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true
I know it's true

// Lost Someone //

I, I lost someone, a million to one
Ten thousand people under my Father's sun
We need someone, someone, the only one
Just that someone who needs someone under the sun
To care for, care for... just that someone, oh hey...

Now, I got somethin' I wanna tell everybody
Huh, I got somethin' I want everybody to understand now
You know, we all make mistakes sometime
And the only way we can correct our mistakes
We've got to try it one more time (one more time)
Now I got to sing this song for you one more time (one more time)
I want you to know, that I'm not singing this song
Only for myself now (sing this song)
I'm not singing this song only for myself now (sing this song)
I'm singing it for you too

And when I say something, when I say that little thing
It make you feel golden inside
I wanna hear you, sing that little problem
Might sting in your heart
Wanna hear you scream (ow...)
Don't just say "aye", say "aye!" (aye)
Say "OW!" (ow!), ow, hey-yeah...

And I believe in what could be done [?]
Yeah, I want you to scream one more time (ah...)
Yeaaah... scream one more time, feels good to me now
I said, gettin' good to me now
OWW, yiiiieah, ha-haaw... feels good to me now
I feel good, wanna know what you do when you feel good
Sometimes just hum a little bit
I remember we used to come back, just, I said mmm... (ow...)
Waaa-hey... mmm... (ow...)
Oh, I hear you scream, and I believe I gotta come on over
Hey, yaaaa-ha-hey, yeah... I feel good, oh, I feel good...

// Get On The Good Foot //

Qué pasa people, qué pasa ...hit me!

Ooh!
Get on down like a...
Unh!
I wanna get on the good foot
Ho! Good foot
I got to get on the good foot-ah

Going down to the crib
Let all hang out
Where soulful people knows what it's about-ah
Going down to the crib
And let it all hang out-ah
Where soulful people knows what it's about-ah

Where people do the sign and take your hands-ah
And dancin' to the music James Brown band... mmm

They're dancing on the good foot
I got to get on the good foot
Got to do it on the good foot
Do it with the good foot

Said the long-hair hippies and the afro blacks
They all get together across the tracks
And they PARTY
Ho! On the good foot
You know they dance on the good foot
Dance on the good foot

Ain't nothing goin' on now
But the rent-ah
A whole lotta bills and my money's spent
Mmm
And that's on my bad foot
Whoa, unh

You know my face gettin' short and I got the blues
I got a funky job and I paid my dues on the good foot
Ho! On the good foot
I got to get on the good foot
Hey! On the good foot
Get on the good foot
Come over!

Hit it there
You got to
Get it
Get it
Sharper now, unh!

Come on, get it-ah
Hunh!

On the good foot
On the good foot
Ho! On the good foot
Get on the good foot
On the good foot
On the good foot
Ho! Get on the good foot
On the good foot

Bass! Bass-ah!

Get it there
Get it there
Ho!
Now bass

Play on it now

Come on
Get it-ah

Get it
Get on the good foot
Ooh!
I got to get on the good foot
Ooh!
Get on the good foot
Ho!
Take care of business, sister, I'm your fella

// The Whole World Needs Liberation //

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

Get on the boat and do your thing
Turn yourself loose and let your motor spring
Now go ahead... huh

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

I told you just two days ago
Get down, huh! Let yourself go, uh-huh

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

No need to worry, no need to fret
About the funky thing, that you're not gonna get
Now do it now, if you can

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

Now get back in the corner, don't let your body move
Stand up and dig yourself, huh, and try to groove
You can do it, if you want to

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

But if you find that you can't get no rap
And then you know the way between the generation gap
Sing it, uh-huh, there you are

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

Look at the future and see the situation
The whole world needs liberation

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

One thing you gotta do is do for self
And then there won't be no trouble
In helping someone else, sing it

We need liberation, we need liberation (you can do it)
We need liberation (huh), we need liberation

Try to be good in everything you do
Then you won't have to worry about what others do
Do for self

We need liberation, we need liberation
We need liberation, we need liberation

There's neither black or white, it's what's right
There's neither white or black, it's the fact
Sing it, one more now

We need liberation, we need liberation (the whole world need it)
We need liberation, we need liberation

Now groove, now groove, now groove
Now groove, now groove, groove
Now groove, now groove, go on
Now groove, now groove
Groove, groove, groove, groove, groove, alright
Groove, groove, groove now, say it

(Groove) we need liberation, (come on) we need liberation
(Say it) we need liberation, (say it) we need liberation

Hold it... one time, two time, three time, four time
Now louder, now, let me hear you
We need liberation, we need liberation, we need liberation...

// Your Love Was Good For Me //

Hey

Love was once a stranger
In this little old heart of mine
But until I found you
I never knew what love was all about
No no no no no

You showed me how to live
From day to day
Brought me out of the darkness
And showed me the way

Your love was good for me
Yes, your sweet love was good for me
Hit me

It seems like a dream
A dream fitted for a king
And only, only a girl like you
Could make my dreams come true

Your love was good for me
Yes, your sweet love was good for me
Listen to me

Now now now
Me and you, my darlin'
Was the best thing could ever happen to me
And knowing my life could change
But since I've met you, baby, I wanna let you know right now
That I have no complaints, and let me say

Your love was good for me
Your sweet love was good for me
Listen to me, it was good for me, good to me
Good with me, good for ya
My love, my love, ah ow, hey
Let me, ow
Your love was good for me
Your sweet love was good for me
Let me, ow
Your sweet love was good for me
Your sweet, your sweet love was good for me
Don't ever forget me, darling
Don't ever forget me, baby

// Cold Sweat //

Come on, bring it! Lay it on me!
I don't care, alright, about your past, dig it
I just want, hey! My love to last, come on
I don't care, hit me band, about your faults, huh!
I just want to satisfy your thoughts, hey!

Come on! When you kiss me, hold my hand
Make me understand, hey! One more time
I break out, huh! In a cold sweat, yiii!

Get down, uh! Get on down, get on down! Come on!
I don't care, alright, about your wants
I just want to tell you, baby, about the do's and don'ts
Huh! I don't care about the way you treat me, darlin'

Uh! Ahhh, when you kiss me, yeah, and ya miss me
Hold my hand, it makes me understand
I break out... in a cold sweat, hey!

Get down, come on! Get it, get it, get it!
Baby baby baby, come on! Do it, do it, do it, uh!
Go right home, come on! Get it, get it! Come on...

// Recitation By Hank Ballard //

(Ah, world...!) The James Brown's world, here it is
The James Brown's world of music, folks
The Lord of funk and his disciples
Huh, wow... incredible, man, incredible
I'm speakin' about this new album, on James Brown Polydor Records
Yeah, I just finished diggin' on it, you know?
And he comes from all sides on this one
Like, each track take you from one bag to another
You know, he's lowdown, he's funky
He's sentimental, and the man is sad
Throughout the whole album, you'll find these elements of moods
And when you bag up that many moods, you got at least a lot of souls in some of the most remote areas
Music such as "Good Foot", "The Whole World Needs Liberation"
"Your Love Was Good for Me", "Cold Sweat"...

(World!) "Nothing Beats a Try But a Fail", "Lost Someone", "Funky Side of Town"... that's a little tune James, Bobby Byrd and myself did together
You know, like it's a real party, low-down, get-down sack
And then there's "Please, Please, Please", like you've never heard before, you know, the old time classic
"Ain't It a Groove", "Make It Funky (Part 3 & 4)"...

(Everybody now, everybody...)
Heh, incidentally I'm Hank Ballard, your love-sad man...
Rappin' to you on the contents of James Brown's latest album
Yeah, a living legend - that's what they call him, a living legend
And guess what? That's what the man is: a real, live, living legend

Yeah, after 18 years he's still terrorizing the music world with his funky music
And judging from his new album, he's still on the good foot of his career
James Brown world, James Brown's world of music...
Oh well, he deserves to be in the galaxy of stars
But it wasn't easy for him from the beginning
He had to fight his way though a mean, vicious jungle
You know, the jungle of show business
It's vicious out there, man, it's very vicious... ask me, I know
And my advice to all newcomers is, is that if you're a 10-minute and lookin' for mercy, still on the road that leads to mortal, passionate world
God, this one out here will eat you up alive, brother
(It's a tough world...) I mean, alive

Yeah, I got caught wanderin' around in the graveyard of losers
But I have an unshakable determination
And I was comin' out, this is not in my place, you know
So I came out and joined the James Brown production
James was the only one besides myself, that had a strong belief in my talent
I knew he could formulate a group, that would put my star back in this galaxy, you know...

James Brown world, James Brown world of music
And... wow, I'm glad I'm part of this world
So is this man of talent, Mr. Bobby Byrd, Ms. Vicki Anderson, Mr. Lee Ostin, Mr. Charles Bobbitt, and of course Bob Both, Mr. Bob Both that is; Ms. Jeanette Washington, Mr. Vanaree [?], and of course Fred Wesley & the JB's. Yeah man, great many brothers, you know, that I didn't have time to run of, but it's... quite a few in the James Brown world
Wow... [*humming*] James Brown world of music
My man, your man, people's man

// I Got A Bag Of My Own //

I got a bag of my own

Now, baby
Stop all that gabbing
We don't need
No backstabbing
Come take
Take care of all of mine
My good stuff

You know I'm grown
I've got a bag of my own

On my good book
I don't back up
Take my tea
From my favorite cup
My groove is still
Out of sight
Got the hook
Protect my love, right
Three times seven
You know I'm grown
I got a bag of my own
Wait a minute

I sweat all day
And half the night
Taking care of business
Handle it right
My body's built like a
32-20-45 frame
Don't shoot nothing
But ball and chain
Don't knock it if
You don't want to rock it

Hit me, hit me
I know I'm grown
I got a bag of my own

Can't get enough
Got to, got to do my stuff
Hit me, hit me
I got a bag of my own
Baby, stop all that gabbing
We don't need
No backstabbing
Got to change my ways
Taking care all
Of my good stuff

You know I'm grown
You know I'm grown
Now, hit me

I sweat all day
Half of the night
Taking care of business
Handle it right
My body's built like a
32-20-45 frame
Don't shoot nothing
But ball and chain

Shoot, shoot, shoot
Shoot, ahhh

Hit me, good God
Got to change my ways
Got to change my ways
Come on, come on, band
Hit me, hit me, hit me
Hit me, hit me, hit me

Hit me, good God
I got a bag of my own
I got a bag of my own
Hit me, good God
I, I, I, I got a bag

// Nothing Beats A Try But A Fail //

Time and time I tell myself
Something's gotta give
But the harder I try
I keep finding out that I just wanna live
So if things with you have been kinda rough
And life is hard and living is a little too tough
Don't give up, don't lose the trail
Because nothing beats a try
Nothing beats a try
Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing
Nothing beats a try but a fail

Somewhere along the way
I got like a boat without a sail
But I'm gonna row it just like a captain, yeah yeah
Because nothing beats a try but a fail

Concentration and aggravation
Will drive you stone out of your mind
But determination and dedication
Will win out all the time
But nevertheless, if it's not my day
I'll do my best, yeah, 'cause pain could always be that way
Nothing beats a try but a fail
Nothing beats a try but a fail

// Funky Side Of Town //

Ready? (YEAH!)
Ready, Byrd? (YEAH!)
You ready, Hank? (YEAH!)
You are ready? (You know I'm ready!)
One, two, three, four!

(Hey, ow, ho, heh... hah, uh!)
What chu say, Byrd? Let's tell 'em!
Let's blow on this, let's go, come on
Let's go on to the, let's go, come on
Hit it, let's go to the funky side of town
Over there, where the people get on down

Lookie here: the long-haired hippies and the afro blacks
All get together all across the tracks
And they party all night long, 'til night kiss day
(Huh!) Hear me when I say (hit it!)

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go (let's join), let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
One more time, Hank, come on
Let's go to the funky side of town (I'm gone)
Over there, lives a brother named James Brown

You've got a place, where the people like to go
Break on down, and have a lot of fun (huh!)
With Soul Brother #1... come on, Hank!
With Soul Brother #1... come on, Hank!
With Soul Brother #1... (just kiddin', how you doin'?)

You better go again, can we- can we go to-
Can we go right here, Hank? (Yeah, let's just, let's just take a...)
Let's go to the funky side of town... you ready now? (Yeah!)
You ready to take it right there? (Yeah, I got it)
Come on, let's go to the funky side of town, huh!
Over there, where the people get on down

People over there, so big on love
Let me say it again
People over there, so big on love
That's the one thing we got a whole lot of
If you dig them, they'll dig you
Soul Brother, soul says too
Long-haired hippies for me and you

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go

Wilson Pickett, Bob Dylan, B.B. King...
What'd you say right there, man, who's that?
Isaac Hayes! Hahaha... oh, Isaac Hayes, I'm sorry
The Rolling Stones, Marvin Gaye, Bobby Byrd (...thank you)
The piano man [?], step better
Ladies and gentlemen, we're bringing you now the man who singed "Hot Pants (I'm Coming)", and ballads!
(Yeah, alright!) I like it...

John Lennon, Aretha Franklin, Johnny Cash
Roberta Flack (yeah...) now, Joe Tex!
(Who?) Joe Tex! (Who's favorite singer?)
The Honey Cone (yeah!), Hooker! I mean, John Lee
Cissy Houston, he he... and Muddy!
(Yeah, Muddy Waters, man, I knew that's what you're talkin' about)
Don't let us forget all here... (Byrd)

Let's go to the funky side of town
One more time, come on
Let's go to the funky side of town
Over there, where the people get on down
Ha ha, say it again, tell me to say it again
(Yeah) you want me to say it again? (say it again)
Ey Dave, can I say it? Is it all right? Look here

The long-haired hippies and the afro blacks
All get together all across the tracks
And they party all night long, 'til night kiss day
Here's when we say (huh!):

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's... go!
(I say, let's do it one more time, I like that)
(What's wrong with you?)
Let's keep it going, man, keep it classic
Oh, you mean... okay, let's go again

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's...
Let's say it one more time, Hank
Keep on saying, wanna do it right
Man, you and me, gimme my soul food [?]
Yeah? (yeah) you got 'em, let's go one more time now

Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
(I can see you've got it together now, what about you, Hank?)
Let's say it four times, come on
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
(Ah, you heat that?) where are we going?
Let's go, let's go to the funky side of town
I hear them sayin' they wanna quit! (Oww, yeah!)
So funky (aww), let's go (he-hey)
Let's go to the funky side of town, over there
On the hills that funky sound (come on!), let's go (sing!)

People over there, so big on love
That's the only thing they have plenty of
You dig them, they'll dig you too
Like sisters and brothers

Scoot on a little further! Let's go, let's... haha...
(Yeah...) hey Hank, hey Hank (yeah?)
Hey (hey man), you're- hey Hank, yeah, just funnin'
You know, just funnin' a little bit
You don't hurt me, man, it's your business [?], haha...
You're right, it takes two
Let's go one more time, let's do it one more time...

// Please, Please //

Please, please, please, oh please
Honey please, don't go... girl, I love you so
Hit me, band! Hey!
Just wanna hear you say I, I, oh I
Honey please, don't go... girl, I love you so

Hey... baby, take my hand
I wanna be your lover man, good God almighty
Honey please, Lord... I love you so
Please, please, please, please, please, please
Oh please, don't go... girl, I love you so

Hey, hey! Take it down, uh, I got to feel it
I got to feel it, I want you to know I got it
When I sing this song, I think about a long time ago
Singin' this song for the people of Georgia
Huh, going down to Alabama, way over there in North Carolina
Is it all right, if I go to Texas one time? (yeah)
Huh, can I go to South Carolina, Virginia, Tennessee?
Missouri I love, New Orleans, can I stop at New York?
Everybody got the blues sometime, but what I feel
Yeeeaaoww, the blues ain't nothing but a feelin'

Wait a minute! I remember one day, it was raining, you know
So far down south, we didn't have no snow
But everybody knew them someplace to go
Lookit here: I remember one day, I remember one day
We got a group together, called "The Famous Flames"
We didn't have a name, so we named it the Famous Flames
One of the fellas named Boby Byrd, and that's why he keep on doin' it
Huh, yeahh, I remember Johnny Terry, Nafloyd Scott, Nash Knox
Wait a minute! Baby Lloyd, just a little boy at that time
Tryin' to get into something, didn't have nothin', just like me

Now wait a minute, it was so hard for us to get over
So hard, so hard for us to get over
You know how it is when you're down on your knees
Nobody seems to understand
Yeahh, you don't want much, you just wanna be a man
I remember, look here: I walked up to the Apollo Theater
I couldn't go in the front, 'cause didn't nobody know my name
I hollered out real loud: this is James Brown, and these are the Flames
Everybody shook their head, I walked goin' around to the back
Out came Jackie Wilson, I heard him singin' this song
He said lonely teardrops, he said lonely teardrops...
That is why I love her so
And then he backed up, and then I heard him say
Please... huh, said get on down

And by that time a big, tall cat walked out
Dressed well clean, and walkin' real mean
He's about to singin' a song, as well as he could
I don't believe I can do it like he can
Talkin' about the man with the blues
I'm talkin' about brother Bobby Bland
I 'member him sayin', I believe you remember this
He said: Monday's all right, Tuesday's all wrong
Huh, when you watch your baby
You look up, and she'll be gone...
He said uh, he said: it's all right, he said: it's all right

And I remember, I remember...
I don't believe you know what I'm talkin' about
Geez, I wanna know have you ever been in love, brother?
Don't say it so low! Have you ever been in love? (yeah!)
Jab, I don't think this fella's got his soul together
Fred, have you been in love? (yeah!)
I wanna know, brother Sinclair? (yeah!)
Have you ever been in love? (yeah!)
Lookit here! Jimmy Nolan, have you been in love, brother?
Are you still in love, brother?
Huh, did you put it down? Are you lucky?
Everybody don't have that chance and that will to put it down
See, most of all, some people get put down

But I can remember, I can remember
I got the feeling... I wanna know, can I call her one time, Jab?
(Holler!) Morgan, is it all right if I call her? (yeah!)
I wanna know, is it all right if I call her? (call her, man!)
You know, I didn't get my soul walkin' around in the street
I got my soul tryin' to get something to eat
And it makes me wanna scream, yeah yeah... (yeah!)
It make me wanna scream, yeah... (right on, scream!)
I wanna know, can I call a love one time? (go!)
I believe, Bobby Byrd, if I call her, I believe she'll answer (yeah!)

I wanna say it, I wanna say "please..." (what you're sayin')
Let me say "please"... can I say "please"? (say it, man!)
Can I say "please"? (say it!) Yaaa-haaww!
Please, don't leave me, don't leave me, hey!
Don't leave me, I want you to know, don't leave me

If you've never been there, if you've never never never been there
Love would take you there, and you, and you
You may be a victim of "he said, he said, she said", other things
But I wanna know, I wanna know
Is you got your good foot on the ground?
(Yeah!) yea-hey! You got your good foot on the ground (yeah)
I wanna know, can I scream one more time, Fred?
Can I scream one more time?

I remember, I remember Bobby say in a song one time
He called it, Bobby... do you remember that, Jab? (yeah)
I remember the boy screamin' so loud
So Bobby, if you don't mind, I wanna sing you a song
I wanna sing you a song of the blues, that belong to everybody

If my baby don't come back, she gotta call my name
Yeaahh, she gotta call my name... don't call me Jim
Don't put me in that water, 'cause I can't swim
Don't call me Jimmy, I don't wanna know who's that
But just call me: oh James, oh James
I've done you wrong, yaa-haaww, I've done you wrong
You just gotta tell me you've done me wrong
And I wanna hear you say, I wanna hear you say
"Please, baby..." yaaa-haow, please... yaa-haaa, ow!

Feels so good, fellas, I could go on, and all night long (go ahead!)
I tell you what, as soon, as soon as we get thru with doin' this thing
We better go over there to rap a little bit
And while, and while we get it together
I wanna, let me, let me bring it down
I wanna hum one time: hummmmmmmm...
Hummmmmmmm... heeeeee-heeeeee...

Hit me band, is it all right? I gotta go, fellas
I'm not leavin', I'm not leavin' 'cause I'm tired
I'm not leavin' 'cause I'm worn
I'm not leavin' 'cause I've paid my dues, and I got the blues
And I wanna say: please, oh please, please, oh please
Bring it up, HEY! Bring it up, YAA-HAOW!
Bring it up, YIIIEEAH! Bring it up! Aahhh, bring it up!

// Ain't It A Groove //

Groovy, sock it in the pocket
Do what you wanna

Make it funky, baby, huh! Ah... shucks
Ain't it good to ya?

Do it! Funky, funky, funky... funky
Funky, funky, good to me, good to me
Good to me, good to me

// My Part / Make It Funky (Parts 3 & 4) //

["Make it funky" repeated in the background]

Ha! Gaga-gagaga
Fred! Dig this, Fred, Fred, me and you
Ah-gaga-ga-gaga, ah-goo-gaga
Gagagagagagagagaga
Goo-ga-goo-gaga
Ga, ga, ga, ga, ga, ga, ga
Ah gaga, ah gaga, ah gaga, ah gaga
Gaga, gaga, gaga, gaga
Gaga-ga-gagaga, gaga-gagaga
Ah-gagaga-ga-goo-gaga
Gaga-ga-gagagagaga

Coleman, Coleman, you know what?
This thing would really be groovy if we had a little bit of B.B. King in there
Give us a little bit of B.B.! Come on!
Goin' down now, goin' down now, goin' down there
You better get a wind here now down sayin' that thing, haha
Go on down there, give me some B.B.!
Make me think about "Sweet Little Angel"
Come on!

Hey, hey Fred, let's go on out with the bridge
Fred, let's go out with the bridge

Very funky...
Gotta make it funky one more time, Fred (yeah!)
Gotta make it funky (make it funky!)

Make it funky, make it funky, make it funky, make it funky!
["Make it funky" repeated in the background]

Fred, Fred, slide your slide; slide your slide, Fred
Fred, wait a minute; wait a minute, Fred
I see you got a funny looking horn there
That's a black horn – why is it black?
You call that a what? Oh, looka here
'Cause mine don't look like that horn, but, haha, looka here
Yeah, you said you were from L.A. - yeah, that's Lower Alabama
Yeah, alright, I got another name, Byrd, but uh... hahaha
I ain't gon' get too deep in on it
You know, that's a hip thing, though
See how that cat slide to get that groove, see that
Slide, if you hit that slide
I know you were slick – he had to be slick when he was on the corner
He sure got a lot of slide
Yeah, I guess that's when come on out to join us
'Cause the man gon' get to him now
So brother, can you slide us on into Grooveland?
Take me to Loveland, take me to Grooveland...

