Album: PresentArms

// Present Arms //

You got no job you got no pay
Join the military, sign today
They'll take you off to fight on foreign shores

You'll be your mother's pride and joy
Her armed and dangerous golden boy
A uniformed hero that shows no fear

The khaki ranks of flesh and steel
Learning how to smile and kill
They'll teach you to ignore the screams and tears

// Sardonicus //

A human statue made of living stone
A paradox etched in human bone
If you could look behind his thin disguise
There's a hidden glint of madness in his eyes.

Many men are fooled by his smile
His superficial grace his charm his style
Sardonicus is everybody's friend
Sardonicus keeps smiling to the end.

// Don't Let It Pass You By //

There's no-one coming with that freedom train.
There's nowhere you can go where you feel no pain.
Take the blinkers off you eye's,
The power is in your hand.
Stop waiting for your ticket to the promised land.

There ain't no heaven and there ain't no hell.
Except the one we're in, and you know to well
There's no-one waiting on,
Waiting on a higher high.
Don't let the only world you're ever gonna live in pass you by.

Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Rub two dub burn ital collie
Because the rhythm a the marshall
And the rhythm a no partial go deh
Seh the rhythm a the marshall
And the rhythm a no partial
Rub two dub burn ital collie
Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Because you jamming with you brethren
Jam it 'till a morning
Forget about the warning
Have to jam it 'till a mornin'
Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Seh you playing in a concrete style
You playing in a resident style
And then you jam it all the while
Don't let it pass you by,
You gonna wake up and wonder why
Gone in the blues
Go check on the news
Go listen to political views
Rub two dub burn ital collie
Rub two dub burn ital collie
New Cross was no gate-crash bomb...
Rightful justice must be done!
Burn two spliff and rock to the riddem
Burn two spliff and rock to the riddem
We don't deal with Isim Scisim
We don't deal with Isim Scisim
Deal with folly-dolly
We don't deal with folly-dolly
Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Rub two dub burn ital collie
'cause you jammin' with your brethren
Jam it 'till the morning
Playin' in a conrete style
Jam it all the while
Don't let it pass you by,
You gonna wake up and wonder why
Burn two spliff play ital riddem
Burn two spliff play ital riddem

// Don't Slow Down //

You might believe, and still you feel the chase has just begun.
That you must reach that horizon before the setting of the sun.
You chase the light in front of you, nightfall close behind.
If you stop to catch your breath, you know what you will find.

Don't slow down don't touch the ground.
You know what you will find.
That old grey man in tattered clothes following behind.

No time to stop, don't go to sleep, prepare to pay the cost.
The hours and minutes are passing by, another day is lost.
Impatience is a virtue, catch me if you can.
The seconds have been ticking by since your life began.

// Silent Witness //

The neon haze of city lights
The tribal sound of marching feet
Cuts through the gloom on cold dark nights
The tired and homeless roam the streets
The sirens wail the engines roar
A shadowed man just glances around
A victim of life's mindless toil
Lies cold and helpless on the ground

The window dummies silent stare
Bear witness on the nights
If they could move
What it would proved
To see them all take flight

The neon haze of city lights
The tribal sound of marching feet
Cuts through the gloom on cold dark nights
The tired and homeless roam the streets
The walls shout loud with angry words
The people air their views
The poor can scream but no-one hears
The concrete jungle sings the blues

// Lamb's Bread //

Ah who seh, sensimilla
Ah who seh, lambsbread I till ya
Ah who seh, sensimilla

The wicked man, the wicked man deh'pon the street
A whole heap of wind-ups deh'pon the street
Thiefing, looting, lying, me seh dep'pon the street
A hustling, a hustling deh'pon the street
Me seh a flat-foot hustling deh'pon the street
The drug squad seh them dep'pon the street.

B-line, mash it, me seh mash it, me seh
B-line, rock it, me seh shock it, me seh
B-line, rub it, me seh dub it, me seh
B-line, under heavy manners, me seh
B-line, rock it, me seh shock it, me seh
B-line, mash it, me seh crash it, me seh
B-line.

