Album: MyFatherWillGuideMeUpARopeToTheSky

// No Words / No Thoughts //

See that man - ego (inner man - hollow) 
soul of man - fallow (hollow man - ego). 
See that man - zero ( zero man - hallow) 
Inner man - hollow (fallow man - ego)... 
See that man - hollow 

See that man - hollow (hater man - evil).
See that man - follow (hater man - evil). 
Hater man - zero 

Long may he live. Long may he live. 
Long may his children drift through the wind. 
To think is a sin. To think is a sin. 
Long may his world never begin.

// Reeling The Liars In //

Reeling the liars in. 
We are reeling the liars in. 
We are removing their face, collecting their skin, 
we are reeling the liars in. 

We are burning them in a pile. 
We are burning them in a pile. 
The only true thing, the place to begin, 
is to burn up the liar pile. 

Now the sun will hide beneath the ridge tonight. 
Clear flames of revenge will lick the black sky. 
And I, I will sing as you eat their tongues. 
For I am the saint who will lead them to us… 

So I'm reeling the liars in, reeling the liars in, 
Here is my hand, now drive the nail in, I am reeling the liars in. 
Here is my tongue, now cut out my sin, we are reeling the liars in. 
There is only one way. One place to begin. By reeling this liar in.

// Jim //

It's time To sleep 
It's time To leave. 
To loose The binds
To lose A mind. 
Time to Exhale
To drink the green sea
To drift Upon The scarlet breeze. 
It's time It's time It's time to begin.  
It's time It's time It's time to just leave 

Let's raise up our hands in prayer,
Walk barefoot upon this carpet of air. 

Let's string up the man 
At the top of the stairs.
Let's piss on the city
That's burning down there

Jim Jim Jim oh Jim. 
Jim Jim It's time to begin, 
Ride your mechanical beast to heaven. 
Ride your beautiful bitch to the ultimate sin. 

Don't cry. Sweet plum, no regrets 
We will strangle you up in the loft. 

These methadrine teeth are piled up in the sink
And your mother is screaming to finish him off

Now heaven will come, we will rise again. 
Heaven will come, we will win.
It is 200 miles to the place where we begin. 
Yes heaven will come, we will win...

// My Birth //

Then I strangled your neck. Because I love you too much. 
Then I kissed your red mouth, because I love you to death. 
Now mother I need you- I need your claws in my neck. 
Every breath that I breath in, feeds the life that I lack...

Now right here I was born, in the place where you kneeled. 
In a burning white sand, in the blood that you spilled. 
Far far in the distance, I hear the howl of the beast. 
I feel his breath on my face. I feel the edge of his teeth...

And I'll swallow your sorrow, and I'll inhale your fear. 
And I steal your tomorrows, and I'll inject your tears. 
So please never forgive me, please spit on my name. 
But I hold on to my memory, and keep me to blame. 

Please need me to blame, need me to blame.

// You Fucking People Make Me Sick //

Now diamonds are falling 
the way we will, in the sky. 
Obsessions, pink children, 
they are laid out in a line. 
They are screaming, they are polluted, 
they are demanding their life. 
This wrong feelings, they are calling 
the red leper of time. 
I love you, I need you, 
oh show me how to shine. 
I love you, young flower, 
now give me what is mine.

// Inside Madeline //

The engine divine is inside Madeline
The stardust is yellow and red
And its mapping out of time inside of her head

Now there's always Madeline
Rising up from where our limbs intertwined
Now walking a random invisible line
Clutching like snow to the side of the vine

You are free, free to do nothing
You are free to drift across the sky
You are free to be a shape just becoming
Now you're free, inside Madeline

Dropping a tear in the palm of my hand
Making her mark in desicate land
Bring light to Madeline
Bring new life to Madeline

// Eden Prison //

Within the walls of Eden Prison,
There is a mark upon a stone.
And in this place a life was written,
And there a stain was laid where I was born.

Now moving through the roots of trees
Deep may their fingers reach,
The substance of a mind that feeds,
The bodies of the living stones that lead,
Up to become the walls of Eden prison.

The supine wild beast upon the slab,
Would gladly rip the throat from God if only he could reach up to his white ass.
And I, I am free and will never breathe again,
Within the greasy ochre walls of Eden prison.

The supine wild beast upon the slab,
Would gladly rip the throat from God if only he could reach up to his white ass,
and I, I am free and will never breathe again,
within the greasy ochre walls of Eden Prison,

I am free, I will begin again,
I am free, I will begin again,
I am free of the chocking hold that began in Eden prison.

We are free! We are free!
But the ships they sail a sea of glistening, turning crimson,
They are carrying a cargo to unload at Eden Prison

// Little Mouth //

Please open my mind and take what is left 
Please fill this cup with senseless bliss
Let me sup oh let me suck upon that which does not exist
Teach the weak oh teach me please to cease to resist
Through halls of glass through tunnels of chrome
Through corridors of burnished stone
Through fields of crystal and the shards of my bones

May I open my eyes, but not see what I am shown
May I carry your burden may I follow you blind
May I burn your picture onto the face of my mind
Through endless pleasures, beyond all measure, shared by creatures most unkind
Through the hating and through the  raging, through the years now left behind
May I find my way to the reason to come home
May I find my way to the foot of your throne
May I find my arms around your neck
And may I find your little mouth inside of this bed.

