Album: WishYouWereHere

// Shine On You Crazy Diamond (I-V) //

Remember when you were young, you shone like the sun
Shine on you crazy diamond
Now there's a look in your eyes, like black holes in the sky
Shine on you crazy diamond
You were caught in the crossfire of childhood and stardom, blown on the steel breeze
Come on you target for faraway laughter, come on you stranger, you legend, you martyr, and shine!

You reached for the secret too soon, you cried for the moon
Shine on you crazy diamond
Threatened by shadows at night, and exposed in the light
Shine on you crazy diamond
Well you wore out your welcome with random precision, rode on the steel breeze
Come on you raver, you seer of visions, come on you painter, you piper, you prisoner, and shine!

// Welcome To The Machine //

Welcome, my son, welcome to the machine
Where have you been?
It's alright we know where you've been

You've been in the pipeline
Filling in time
Provided with toys
And "Scouting for Boys"
You bought a guitar to punish your ma
You didn't like school
And you know you're nobody's fool

So, welcome to the machine

Welcome my son, welcome to the machine
What did you dream?
It's alright we told you what to dream

You dreamed of a big star
He played a mean guitar
He always ate in the Steak Bar
He loved to drive in his Jaguar

So, welcome to the machine

// Have A Cigar //

Come in here, dear boy, have a cigar
You're gonna go far, you're gonna fly high
You're never gonna die
You're gonna make it if you try
They're gonna love you

Well, I've always had a deep respect
And I mean that most sincerely
The band is just fantastic
That is really what I think
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?

And did we tell you the name of the game, boy?
We call it Riding the Gravy Train

We're just knocked out
We heard about the sell-out
You gotta get an album out
You owe it to the people
We're so happy we can hardly count

Everybody else is just green
Have you seen the chart?
It's a hell of a start
It could be made into a monster
If we all pull together as a team

And did we tell you the name of the game, boy?
We call it Riding the Gravy Train

// Wish You Were Here //

And disciplinary remains mercifully
Yes and um, I'm with you Derek, this star nonsense
Yes, yes, now which is it?
I am sure of it

So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, blue skies from pain
Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?
A smile from a veil?
Do you think you can tell?

Did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts?
Hot ashes for trees?
Hot air for a cool breeze?
Cold comfort for change?
Did you exchange
A walk-on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?

How I wish, how I wish you were here
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl, year after year
Running over the same old ground
What have we found?
The same old fears
Wish you were here

// Shine On You Crazy Diamond (VI-IX) //

Nobody knows where you are, how near or how far
Shine on you crazy diamond
Pile on many more layers and I'll be joining you there
Shine on you crazy diamond
And we'll bask in the shadow of yesterday's triumph
Sail on the steel breeze
Come on you boy child, you winner and loser
Come on you miner for truth and delusion, and shine

