Album: HaloInAHaystack

// I Abstain //

Below my solitude I abstain. Above my bitterness I grace the lie. Sinking alone I severed the chord, drifting into the wide. It lies below this tragedy, this suffering. Life's blood flows out of me. The deeper I sink the more life flows out of me. Drifting towards the light I see torn from my home to be. Hook clawing at my flesh guiding me through my journey. Drowning in a see of rusting faith. Killing your dreams with bleeding mistakes. A part of her dies too.

// Two Day Romance //

Can you help me? Take a picture before I paint over her. She is beautiful, she was everything. I miss her. Last night I dreamt of her tracing my scars. She said she'd never leave and that I'd always stay. That night you called I stood by that phone for hours, I felt everything thirty miles away. You said you loved me and I told you the same. We kissed there for the first time. I believed in you for the last time. I once was I, once was whole. Peacemaker, tell myself that this is time to say goodbye. Goodbye

// Becoming A Stranger //

So much for breathing, my cloud nine fell from grace. Loss of everything, where is my identity?. If I could only find what is left me. So much for letting go when you have nothing left to hold. The words that slid off your tongue, my everything. Your nothing, I know that I don't mean much to you but you mean the world to me. Devotion, an undying dead. The harrowing, bleed you out of me, the "he said, she said" falsity. Leave it be, I just want to go home. So much for letting go. I won't be dying with me, no not this time. Becoming by undoing him. Sacrifice, the ultimate devotion. So much for saving yourself. It can never be love. I can never be sold like the blood they call love. I am a stranger. I will not, I have not, I can never be like him.

// Divinity //

A tear to shed my soul. To bleed out my divinity I search for. Holding the spine of God my sour sedation pulled them away. So many things left unsaid my brightside faded away. Less than zero a shade apart from what I feel. Cold. We used to play devotion but I see your face. It's not divinity. Godkiller, Mindcleaner. The shallower I, the more I sink. And I will not rust away this time. So many things left unsaid my brightside faded away. Less than zero a shade apart from what I feel. Cold

// Fact Leaves It's Ghost //

I will not be part of your rusting machine, I will not burn as your fuel. You are the one drowning in your conviction. I am not host to them. You call it your right. I call it your weakness. The wound won't clot until the blood stops. it has to stop.

// Down //

I could see the pain in your eyes. I wish I could prove this truth absolute. I want to heal you. It is me. I am sorry. Sister of mercy to free me, trace my past beyond what I see. Your God promised to save me. God forgot. Needle puncturing skin, tell the tales of where I have been. Please love, trace my soul never to let my memory go. Murder in every world, there has got to be someone who understands me. I was looking for myself. Asking everyone except myself the questions which I and only I could answer. Reflections in the skin, release the flowing stream. The agony we call living. The bloodletting I call me. I will never fall down

// Exhale //

Exhale
That's all you get for
And that is all you do
I won't exhale
And I won't breathe for you
Trying to do this just because I care
Because I care
I won't
Not for you
No
Trying to adjust my [?] because I care
Because I care for you
And I said I won't breathe for you
I'll never breathe for you, friend
Not for you
I will never do what you want me to
The way you want me to
No!
I won't ignore
And I won't ignore
I won't
That makes me so much sense
That you
Watch!
Why?
Watch!

// Undo //

Just want to cut the cables and let my face fall to the ground
It has been so long since I was two
Expression equals the end
Unleash the dam, I am sorry you must drown
Time to show you who lies within the body of lies
Let them feel the fire within my lungs
I was born of you but I am only me
Engage me, I am locked
Hope is this first sigh of defeat
Undo it, slash and burn me
Help me find my halo in a haystack

