// Dolomite Intro //

Yes, this is for all you, no business barn rats, soup eatin' junkyard pepper guts [?]
Tired, wrinkled ass motherfuckers, this is for y'all, from the Dogg
The Dogg of all dogs, the top dog
Snoop Doggy Dogg, listen

// Buck 'Em //

(Fuck 'em)

[Snoop Dogg]
Damn this shit sound low then motherfucker in my earphones.
Alright, yeah that's it right there nigga.

As soon as the bass hits your dome 
Snoop Dogg grabs the chrome 
And gets in your system
Shootin off rhymes like a pistol
Fuckin your click off with this blow
This hoe, that hoe make me rich
Snoop Dogg please won't you break that biach
I'm back in the game gettin my dough
And fuck any motherfucker that say it ain't so
Do it to em be young
Cause on the real dogg you the hardest nigga we um
We shakin em off, breakin em off
Shot him in his face and now they takin him off
Here's a shoutout to those with quad out
Fool we should have got out, now you gettin popped out 
I'm not out to diss but to get my chips
And smash, pass with cash
And blaze the spliff now pass the fifth
For real nigga did you hear me, ya heard
You ran up and got served, ha ha
Now ain't that a trip (what what)
You need to get up off of that bullshit
C'mon

[Sticky Fingaz]
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Young beast to four green
Dirty or clean nigga the money is all green
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Cock it back ya know me
Every nigga look the same behind a stocking cap
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Shit on waisted
Rather see death then be locked down in metal bracelets
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Don't make a difference
Niggas in the hood is still broke and can't fix it

[Snoop Dogg]
Fuck em, the scene is set (set)
And it's a million bitch niggas bout to straight get wet
I walk em all in the street
Fuck em, I cuff they hands and blind they eyes and hog tie they feet
Fuck em, with no remorse nigga cut em down
Love the way we shut em down, shit it ain't funny now
Used to be my buddy pal, nigga wet and bloody now
Nigga where your homies now, half them niggas funny style
Fuck em, it's bout to get shitty now
Doggy bout to get him now cause you better sit him down
Nigga what up now, you act like a bitch
You bound to get fucked you trick ass snitch
Fuck em, boy we on a rampage
Rippin up this damn stage, yeah it's still a G thang
Slammin doors, slappin hoes
Cuz fuck videos, I get a hundred for shows
If you ain't got the papers
I ain't got the time to sit and chat about the motherfucking vapors
Biach, don't even trip
You need to raise up off of that bullshit
C'mon

[Sticky Fingaz]
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Young beast to four green
Dirty or clean nigga the money is all green
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Cock it back ya know me
Every nigga look the same behind a stocking cap
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Shit on waisted
Rather see death then be locked down in metal bracelets
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Don't make a difference
Niggas in the hood is still broke and can't fix it

(Fuck 'em)

// Trust Me //

[Suga Free]
No, uh-uh excuse me wait baby treat yo' cash
And remind me when we get home to get goin
and crack my whip and pack yo' shit
befo' I 92.3 The Beat yo' ass!
Naw bitch look at me when I talk to you
I checked the bitch and said, "Ah-hah some shit?
No ub-uh, shut up, you gon' do what I tell you to do!"
Now name three motherfuckers you can call.. you cain't
One pimpin that, two pimpin that, three pimpin that
That bitch got off! (Say what my nigga Suga Free, what you say?)
Snoop say what? (Huh?) I said
I'm pimpin that, you pimpin that, she pimpin that
That bitch does all!
Naw, pimpin ain't easy (pimpin ain't easy)
But hoein ain't hard no (hoein ain't hard no)
Baby you gon' have to hoe (hoe hoe hoe)
Or lady I'ma have to go (see ya, see ya!)
Suga Free, bitch that don't stand for some old nice ass nigga
tryin to get some pussy and you tryin to get some of this dick free
I'm live ta be a old-ass pimp with cataracts
Reminscin on regular park trees with the homies
and slappin bitches in Cadillacs

I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much! Heyyy

[Sylk E. Fine]
Now check me, I'm in a helluva situation
I got LOVE for the homegirl but it ain't no escapin
Now I've been waitin fo' the chance fo' me to do my thang
Cause when I GO OUT baby, I GO OUT with a bang! (bang bang)
Thursday night, 'bout to hang out at the House of Blues
Fresh attire, new shoes, plus a new, hairdo, WHOO!
I'm mesmerized by the music that they bump in the club
I see my homegirl man (whas' happenin, whas' up?)
lookin like he need some love
And everytime I see him, he been givin me the eye
Cause he my type and I'm his type and plus we love to ride
Imagine that, off we left
Hot sweat hot sex it ain't like we just met (ahh, yeah, yeah)
Why she trust me? Since his girl went on a little trip
I made his sweat drip, he made me strip
It ain't my fault he in a fucked up relationship
That just go to show, you never know who you dealin with
Love over friendship, that's why I live my life trustless, yeah

I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much! Heyyy

[Snoop Dogg]
Hmm, I spent the night at the homie's house, shit
Slept in his livingroom, on his couch
Nigga high'n a motherfucker burnt out (shit)
Before you know it, god damn, the homie chirped out (damn!)
And he ain't said shit, he just dip in his Seville as he peel
Left me at the pad with his girl, damn, what the deal?
Now baby got a gown on, gettin her clown on
As she slid downstairs, now she takin me down home
Cheatin in the next room in the homeboy's bedroom
Am I wrong? Shit, on and on and on and on
Now what am I to do if you was me and I was you
His baby momma in my face, she shakin poo-poo, what would you do?
Trust is a motherfuckin loco, shit
and so is temptation, and I don't know what I'ma do
Come on through (come on through) so I can cum on you (cum on you)
Shit if the homey knew (if the homey knew) if the homey knew
(if the homey knew)

I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
[Sylk] Hey now
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
[Sylk] Can't trust me, whatcha say now?
[Snoop] Mo heezee up in this motherfucker Dogg
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
[Sylk] Believe!
[Snoop] Trust is a motherfucker
[Sylk] You can't trust, whatcha say now?
[Snoop] Don't trust, no bitch
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much! Heyyy
[Sylk] Whatcha say?
[Snoop] Trust in no bitch-ass niggaz
[Sylk] Whatcha say now? Can't trust

Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
[Sylk] Whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
[Sylk] Whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
[Sylk] Can't trust, whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
[Sylk] Come on yeah..

// My Heat Goes Boom //

[Verse 1:]

Another day another dolla for the top dogg with the gold flea colla
Nigga make the whole dogg world wanna holla
The way they do my life and I'm steady tryin' to do more right 
so trife your life could disappear
and if you aint careful who you fuckin' wit nigga 
Now reappear come here come near so you can hear what I spit
So sick and tired of niggaz standin on that "G" shit 
and just because you on starz wit some khakis
and think your rap style can out rap me and now jack me 
come here nigga slap yo self
thats probably why yo shit still sittin' on the motherfuckin shelf 
and mine sold out ever since it came out
blue carpet roll out, #1 no doubt, mo' clout, down south, mixin' it up
with dem niggaz that don't never hesitate to bust
what you niggaz tappin' on my front door for?
Hmm oh you lookin' for yo hoe? (you heard)
We in the hotel room doin' the zoom
and let me let you know nigga my heat goes boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom

[Verse 2:]

I'm back on the scene, chopping green
captain on the team, call me commissioner nigga
so just listen up look like you bored and our boy's bridges
he hangin' wit dem niggaz but dem niggaz straight bitches
left a nigga hangin' at the club when it was scrap time
then a week later gave him a shot on in a rap line
now they in a New York rap time
rapper turned snitch now you livin' on a main line
money's too tight to mention but let me mention
when dem niggaz in da kitchen find out he's snitchin'
they gon' get him and when his homies find out he's snitchin
9 times out of 10 dat nigga gon be bitchin
(you know what) you know what transformin' is switchin'
and oh yeah informin is snitchin
but I aint one to tell you aint heard from me 
I'm just an MC tryin to stay super free
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom

[Verse 3:]

Look here fool I know this game in and out 
and quit tryin to tell me bout dem niggaz down south
don't try slide wit that west side love shit
that dove shit eat a dick bitch
I can can read you from the giddy
I read you I took you to my home and I fed you
and led you upstairs upstairs to a room with 37 niggaz 
that was strapped up hatin' waitin' on you nigga you the victim
we don't don't pick 'em we just stick 'em and when once we get 'em we got 'em
we try to rid the streets of creeps and freaks 
like you for all y'all snitches and bitches
we gonna do the world a big favor 
cuz niggaz like y'all be fuckin' up the gangsta flavor
and oh yeah it aint no west coast thang
cuz niggaz out of town got birds that sing
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
breakdown [echo]
breakdown [echo]
Top Dogg
No Limit
yeah
LBC

// Dolomite //

Yes, this is me, the bad, bad dolomite
And I'm ready to put me in the White House
Make me the President
I'm gonna move on my first act
I'm a, get me 2000 raggedy ass painters
To paint the muthafuckin' White House black
Dolomite for your president
I'ma legalize every muthafuckin' thing
Somebody ask me how do I stand on Marijuana
Very high baby, very high
How do I stand on prostitution
I don't stand on it, I lay on it
I'ma legalize sellin' pussy
Sell it, sell it, sell your pussy, girls
Pussy will sell, if pussy don't sell
Grits ain't gross and eggs ain't poultry
And Mona Lisa is a muthafuckin' man

// Snoopafella //

Once upon a time, in the L.B.C.
On the Eastside, off of 2-1 Street
There lived a young man, Cinderfella's his name
To make it interesting it's me, peep game
I lived in a house with my cruel step-dad
And two step-brothers who treated me bad
I cooked, I cleaned, I scrubbed the floors
And I was like an errand boy runnin to the stores
My brothers, they used to boast and brag:
"We've got Fubu, and you've got rags!"
And even worse than that, to make me feel low
They gave me a skateboard, while they had low-lows
Girls used to say, "Snoop, you're so cute
But you gets no rap with that to' up khaki suit"
Welllll, one day, up the Avenue
There was a man, surrounded by the Dogg Pound crew
He said ah, "Hear ye! Hear ye! Come one, come all!
The princess is having a royal ball
If you can rap, also dress fresh
You might win a date with the sweet princess"
Well I, um, ran home when I heard the newsflash
I bust through the door, straight to my step-dad
I said, "Step-dad, may I?"
And before I could finish, "Hell no!", he replied (Cinderfella!)
My brothers were goin, they were gettin down
Even Pops was goin for a piece of the crown (Cinderfella!)
They flaunted, they haunted, they knew what I wanted
"We can and you can't," is what they taunted (nana-nana-nah-nah)
They all stood there, laughin in my face
And as they walked out they said, "Clean up this place!"

(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love

Well I shrugged, I hissed, they all tried to diss
And I'd get them back if I had one wish
Before I could make my thought a phrase
There appeared a man from a puff of haze
He said, "What's up, Dogg? My name is Herb
I'm your fairy Doggfather, you know it, word!
Now I've came here with the main purpose
Of granting you your fondest wish"
I said, "Herb, my man, just make me fresh
And I'm sure that I can handle, all the rest"
With a snap of his fingers sparks began to shoot
And I was jumpin in my body: a slick silk suit
On my feet was some white tube socks
And a fresh pair of Chucks from the Foot-lock
I showed him my sack, and don't you know
With a snap, the sack became some doe-doe
Once again his hands began to flow
Then he changed my skateboard into a six-fo' (damn!)
He checked me over, passed me the keys
And said, "One more thing before you leave...
You must return before the stroke of twelve
Or you'll turn back into your old self"

(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love

I jumped in the low-low and went on my way
I got to the party 'bout ten, I'd say
It was after eleven when I rocked the mic
And by the time I left the stage, the people were hyped (well alright!)
The princess was starin, while holdin a drank
Reflected from her eyes was gold tank
She waved her hands like, "Hello! Hi!"
Then gave another gesture like, "Come here, guy!"
I left the stage, girls came in flocks
The bitch was swingin from the hard knocks
I heard a sound, not a tick nor tock
Gong! First bell before twelve o'clock
No time to waste, I broke out in haste
The princess followed in a futile chase
A quick steady pace is what I kept
Lost one of my Chucks on one of those steps
For the six-fo' I continued my stride
About this time I heard gong five
I was down the block when I heard gong eight
And the princess screamed out, "Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!"

(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love

I was almost home when my luck ran out
And there went my suit, my doe sack and clout
My fresh low-low, also went too
And there was no denyin that my night was through
The one All-Star, the freshest thing I sported
Jumped on my board, for home I skateboarded
Made it to my pad, no time at all
Went to my room, or better yet the far wall
Hid the shoe away, still feelin pleased
Then jumped in my cot to catch some Z's
Early the next mornin, when I awoke
I threw on me old slippers with me old housecoat
Slid into the front, my family stared at me
Sayin, "Wasn't that you? Nah, it couldn't be"
They kept askin me if I did my chores
My butt was saved by a knock at the door
"Who is it?", that's what my brothers barked
"The princess," this sweet voice remarked
She said she was lookin for a certain man
Who could bring her the shoe like the one in her hand
The family ran around with their heads in the air
Bringin her shoes from everywhere
She just shook her head, a nod of relief
And said, "No, that's not the one that I'm lookin' for, Chief"
I ran in the room and got my shoe
And said, "Is this the one you're referring to?"
Well she said, "Yes, and you're so cute
But where's your doe-doe and slick silk suit?"
I put on the shoe, then there came a flash of light
And I was wearin shit, from just last night
Looked out the window, saw the six-fo'
Yelled to my family, "I've GOT to go!"
We drove up the Avenue, the princess and I
And in back of me, I heard my family cry...

(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)

// In Love With A Thug //

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, this shit right here sound like a love song
(she was in love)
A gangsta love song, you feel me? Check it out
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)

Yeah, gangsta, uh-huh!
Have you ever had a pretty, young saditty
Black female with chips, from the city?
Her momma got ends, and her daddy got ends
And she liked to give me ends when I'm out with my friends
Good girl - why do good girls like bad boys? (I don't know)
When I was a kid, growin up, I never had toys
And I think that she can figure that shit out (why?)
Cause everytime she came to pick a nigga up
Shit, she'd take a nigga out
Roll around town, ask the pound, they know, look
Baby was my thang, nah, she was my low-low
Bought my first Rol-o, and then we took a photo together
Man I hope this thang last forever
We been together six months, and we ain't argued yet
She lovin a nigga, steady buyin me shit
And don't say shit when I dip with my click
And understand, when I'm down and out
may need some help with some chips
Her mother approved of me, but her father he don't
He probably won't, shit Pops ain't no punk
Daddy's little girl be in a gangsta's world
Buyin me houseshoes and khaki blues, California curls
No matter what her father say, baby gon' see me
It's like a jungle sometimes, that makes me Wonder like Stevie
Believe me, when I say that baby was in love with a thug
In love with a thug

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
Daddy I'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
Momma I'm in love with a gangsta

[Snoop Dogg]
Mm.. I'm caught up in the middle and I don't know what to do
I caught eight months in the joint, behind my crew
That I gotta do and I'ma miss you Boo
But I'ma write you every night and call you on the phone too
Whatchu gon' do? "You know I'm gon' stay true
But I'ma go ahead to college like my father want me to"
Well um, off to my cell withcha body on my mind
And I'ma call you back tomorrow round the same time
I'm on the mainline, 9500 for short
On another phoneline, holla'n at my other hoe
This bitch ain't sayin SHIT, cause the bitch ain't SHIT
Old fat golddiggin-ass county check receivin BEOTCH
I bail up in the Day Room and get in a scrap
Niggaz watchin Soul Train and I wouldn't turn it back (man fuck y'all)
Never caught slippin, always on strap
And now I'm back in the hole with no motherfuckin getback
Sit back and contemplate, and think about baby
And hope she don't get caught up in the world that's so crazy
But while I'm up in Wayside, and she off in college
She gettin a little mo' than a schoolgirl knowledge
Cause gangsta-ass niggaz go to school nowadays
I tried to make you wait, but I can't change yo' ways
She fell in love with the local G
And now they both in the penetentiary, she didn't mention me

[Chorus 2X]

// G Bedtime Stories //

(Uncle Snoop Dogg.) 
Yo' whassup, whassup. 
(Could you read us a bedtime story?) 
Alright, alright. 
Ya'll get my ash tray, get my lighter. 
I'm a read ya'll a gangsta bedtime story. 
Come here, sit on my lap. 
(Okay.)
Check it out.

Great scotts, it's hot today
He ran up out of bullets so I shot him in his chest
He fell to the floor with his hands in the air
His vision gettin blurry but you know I didn't care
Peck, peck, he tried to stay on deck
So I ran up on this nigga and I shot him in his neck
Shooting like a muthafuckin vietnam vet
Riding on this nigga disrepectin my set
No stranger to danger ain't no warning shots
On the hood gettin hot, anybody can drop
You better have a spot up in town my nigga
Cause please believe it, it can go down my nigga
Caught up in some traffic behind some hood rat
Grease strikes you out with no get back
Wishing for a steak eatin on a Kit Kat 
And your bitch ain't shit the little homie hit that
Sit back and go see, take a trip up with me
Let's go get a stick nigga dip with me
We can ride on some niggas for nuthin at all
Even if we cool with 'em, fuck 'em let's go get 'em
LBC in this muthafucka cuz
I had to show these niggas what time it was
We got thugs, cons, drugs and guns 
We claiming everything nigga, even dimes and doves
Have you ever slapped a bitch to mack your grip
Or better yet, strapped a clip 
To a muthafuckin' nine millimeter for heater 
And put the ride down out of G two seater
You need a nigga like me to get your game like that
Young nigga, you could get a smack for that
I'm that nigga who brought the afro back 
And pat your back and then I turn around and snatch your sack
Before I came out niggas was wearing slack
I brought the curl back and the golf hat
The black poker sack and this skandelous raps
The one eight seven kidnaps and jacks
I brought snaps to the game nigga
Raps to the game nigga, I'm that big rap name nigga
S-N double O-P fa sho
I do my thang way cut throat on the downlow
Oh once upon a time in the LBC
There lived a OG from the DPG
And all the little kids looked up to him
All the women stayed true to him, police tried to do him
But couldn't do nothing to him cause he's like stainless steel
And all they hated on him because he was way to real
I don't know why but he's just so fly
But I gotta end this story by saying goodnight

// Down 4 My Niggas //

[C-Murder]
Fuck them niggas, ha ha.

Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas

Bitch I'm down for No Limit, I ride for the cause
I'm the nigga on the tank with the big fuckin balls
And if anybody fuck with Snoop Doggy Dogg
I'm a make these niggas put his name on the wall
And everywhere I go I got Mr. Magic here
Because I know that nigga don't care
He'll have that red shit pourin out your hair
Nigga, any fuckin time nigga, any fuckin where
Make 'em bleed is the motto that I live by
If you fuck with me it's a must you die
Them niggas might goin run but them niggas can't hide
It's like shootin yourself, it's a suicide
KLC rock the beat, hittin hard like dirt
Niggas in the Nolia know him as Big Hurt
Just like Soulja Slim he'll put you in the dirt
And have your picture on front of a t-shirt
And when I make moves I got a hundred niggas with me
Just incase a nigga out there tryin 'a get me
All my niggas is down to squeeze the trigger
That's why I'm down for my motherfuckin niggas

Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas

[Magic]
What you aint heard why I ride for these niggas, I die for these niggas
Do a drive by with my forty five cause I'm down with these niggas
Snoop Dogg and Bossalinie
Don't shoot now nigga just call me when you need me
Believe me, I never bite the hand that feed me
Just point them niggas out and I'll leave em all on the street bleeding
Bitch you fuckin with a grown man
How I'm gonna ax you in your own house and bury you in your own land
See the cops is scared to come and get me
But I don't blame em cause they know I got a bunch of thug niggas with me
Lookin for trouble, starting shit
I'm ridin solo and I'm bustin and gettin rid of your dick
See your boys ain't bout beefing
When you fuckin with niggas that'll definately get you internal sleep
But if you didn't get the fuckin picture
[Gunshots] Bitch I'm down for my niggas

[C-Murder]
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas

[Snoop Dogg]
What niggas, them niggas, yeah dawg, you with it
No problem, let's get em, do em, I did em
We gettin nutty in this motherfucker (nutty in this motherfucker)
I got my buddy in this motherfucker, leavin a nigga bloody in this 
motherfucker
We in the cutty motherfucker
You done done it, you must, you got it coming motherfucker
Some of these niggas is bitches too
And some of these niggas look just like you
Well, where I'm from we like to ride on foes
Do it from the shoulders or do it from the tools
I do my dirt all by my lonely (all by my lonely)
C-Murder and Magic, hell yeah them my motherfuckin homies
Solo shit get thick and call me
And niggas wanna act like they wanna get with Snoop Doggy
Lemme let you niggas know (what's up)
Shit, fuck what you goin through and fuck what you stand for

[C-Murder]
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas

// Betta Days //

Celebrate, grab a drink and put a blunt in the sky
Worldwide, nigga it's 1999
Shit out of control, sign of the times
I ain't had this much fun since '79
I was only eight then, hadn't been to the penn
Just a young nigga on the front of a swing
Playin football up in Powly High
Too young to ride but it's still Eastside
Homocides didn't happen much, niggas wasn't rappin much
It's 99 nigga, shit, I know you strappin up
Hell motherfuckin yeah, nigga wanna see the end
So next year we can do it all again
Same dogg channel, same dogg time
Only the strong will survive in 99
So much drama and dillusion, my conclusion is confusing
Drippin on my memories, twisted off my music
Tryin to make my people do things, oh yeah we do's it, we do's it
Here's my number baby girl don't you lose it
It's smoky in this motherfucker while we cruising
And Eastside niggas is the shadiest (shadiest)
But them Westside niggas is the craziest (craziest)
Summertime on the grind, baby let me shine, let me shine
Roll with this shit, I'm cold with this shit in my prime
Nigga done time and I never dropped a motherfucking dime
Be smart, fresh start is all you need
First thing first, cuz, stop smoking cess weed
You are what you smoke, nigga stop hating
That's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
But life's so hard on a G, that's what they all say
But somehow someway, better days ahead, Freddy's dead
And Betty said Eddie's a fed
Sweaty in bed with a nine to his head
And he fuckin with this hoodrat that he met up in dance
Betty gettin mad cause Eddie wanna share
But look at how you livin for a minute then compare
I love confetti, I always stay ready
Keep some killers by my side and some riders by the telli
I'm ready to do now, who now, you now
Eddie wasn't ready when they drew that, booyow
Two down, with just one gun
My nigga, and who said killin wasn't no fun
I sit alone in the zone with a face of stone
Live the life of Al Capone or Don Coroleone
Tragically casulties and fatalities
And all kinds of funny ass niggas coming after me
My grand pappy once sat me on his lap and he said
Sonny get your money 'fore you end up dead
I never really understood what he said
Until my motherfucking dogg took a slug in his head
Cold way nigga gotta learn his lesson
Slow down and go down, shit you know now

Be smart, fresh start is all you need
First things first cuz, stop smokin cess weed
You are what you smoke, my nigga stop hating
That's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
But life's so hard on a G, that's what they all say
But somehow someway, you got to make a better way

(Somehow someway)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(Yeah, better days ahead)
Better days ahead
(Better days ahead)
Better days ahead

That's real.
I feel your pain nigga.
I used to be just like you nigga.
Before I got off in this rap shit.
Shit, nigga did anything to get a dollar.
You know, but one thing I never did do.
I ain't never beg a nigga for nothing or ask a nigga for nothing.
I went out and got my own ya feel me?
So from me to you, man to man.
Better days ahead my nigga.
Shit, keep the faith and get your hustle on.
Cause I'm a get mine regardless.
Nigga wether I'm rapping or on the streets.
I gotta have it.

// Somethin Bout Yo Bidness //

[Raphael Saadiq]
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan

[Snoop Dogg]
You got yo' thang, and I got mine
You see, I can give it to you like all the time
If you, gimme them digits let me holla at you baby
Stop playin games, let's do this damn thang
Cause you the whole thang, with the candles and the ice
and then the champagne, whoot wham bing bing bang bang!
Now, what's love got to do with this?
Cause if you cool with this I'm through with this
Baby is we doin this?

[Raphael Saadiq]
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan

I know when you'll change your mind;
that's when your rent is due (when your rent is due)
and you're many months behind
How's that to treat your friend
with that attitude.. you can leave it all behind

Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan

[Snoop Dogg]
You say that you don't, you say that you won't
I think that you will, cause girl I'm way too real
And every girl need a G, and we see G
I saw you lookin at me, when I was with Warren G
You peepin not speakin and that's freakin me out
It's somethin bout yo bidness baby and it's flippin me out
I really can't understand why it's so easy, for you to tease me
'Fore it's over, you'll be Miss Snoop Deezy

[Raphael Saadiq]
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan

// Bitch Please //

[Xzibit:]
Yeah
Time to bring your ass to the table y'all
It's X to the Z, Xzibit, yeah
(Where you at?)
Snoop double D, uh O-G
(West coast, Los Angeles)
Uh, bring it live, Dr. Dre
What
Throwin' up a big ass W
Coverin' up the world, right
Yeah, listen, look

[Xzibit:]
You ain't tryna hot box with me
I swig hard liquor
Goin' down by the second round
All hail the underground
How that sound?
Xzibit backin' down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense, terrorist
Hidden bomb shit
Glass and metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why niggas with problems keep on steppin'
Xzibit ready to scrap
Like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5, minimum wage
What type of life is that for me
It's blasphemy
You fuckin' 'round with the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You had the audacity
To wanna tangle with the X
Strangle your neck
Slap you like the opposite sex
Drunk drivin' tryin' to stack my loot
While other rappers gettin' treated like a prostitute
So check the SoundScan

[Snoop Dogg:]
All I wanna be was a G, ha
My whole life nigga please ha
Breaking off these motherfuckin' keys, ha
Let's get these motherfuckin' G's, ha
Nigga you don't wanna fuck with this

[Snoop Dogg:]
Oh no, big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heazy baby
You jockin' my style
You so crazy
Dre say ain't no limit to this
As long as we drop gangster shit
Look here bitch
You fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a nigga
Do it doggystyle
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in a rental
Lincoln Continental

Um, coast to coast
L.A. to Chicago
(Yeah, nigga, you know what's happening, man)
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(These bitches know what time it is)
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know
(Yeah, oh, a story 'bout a nigga like me)
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know
(I pimp these hoes nigga)

[Xzibit:]
Bitch please
Get down on your goddamn knees
For this money, chronic, clothes and weed
Look, you fuckin' with some real OGs
Bitch please
Bitch please
Get down on your motherfuckin' knees
We came to get the motherfuckin' Gs
Yeah, you fuckin' with some real OGs
You dick-tease

[Snoop Dogg:]
Bitch please
Now what you need to do is
Hand my coat
And roll me some dope
(for real)
Different strokes
For different folks
Oh, you like settin' niggas up and gettin' them locs
Oh, cute little bitch with a whole lot of heart
Shit gets thick when the light gets dark
She say she gots a lick for me
(well hook it up)
Worth about 200 Gs and 30 kis
Now check this out Dre
Now if I don't move
Then a nigga like me
Shit I don't lose
But you know me
Dogg I'm movin'
Ain't nothin' to it, but to get to groovin'

You've been waitin' on a nigga like me
What's that
To take that chance and rob your man and beat up the pussy
A victim of the circumstance
(what about)
That's the devil
They always wanna dance
See we go out with a bang (bang bang)
I'm tryin' to work this cold thing
And take this whole thing
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take her money for sure
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take her money for sure

[Nate Dogg:]
Ayyo, ayyo, ayyo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' DPG
'Til the day I D-I-E

Ayyo, ayyo, ayyo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' DPG
'Til the day I D-I-E

Ayyo, ayyo, ayyo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' DPG
'Til the day I D-I-E

Ayyo, ayyo, ayyo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' DPG
'Til the day I D-I-E

// Doin' Too Much //

[Snoop Dogg]
[inhales]
Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo Quik check this out dog
You know mothafuckers be doin way way too mothafuckin much
You know? That's real
Just like baby right here, she doin too much

Now if that nigga next to you got a rented car
And he actin like it's his but you know it's not
Say he doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And if that stuck-up bitch got the bar posted-up
She actin like that hair's hers but you know what's up
Say she doin too much, yeah baby you doin too much

I gave my kinfolk the keys to my Suburb
I told em "Hit the side and slide and get the herb"
But guess who's callin, Pipedream Patty
Made that nigga park my whoride beside the alley
Forget about that nigga though (fuck that nigga)
Fuck that nigga yo 
But I can't forget about him cuz he taught me everything I know
Oh no Joe, walkin down the wrong lane
Tootin on that cocaine, fuckin wit that wrong thang
Niggas like that (what), get things like they want it (damn)
Then fake the funk, doggonnit
Now loc, look at this predicament
You smoked out and can't be trusted, I can't kick it wit 
Niggas like you, used to be in my crew
Goddamn, they don't make niggas like they used to
I remember Marley Marl and the Juice Crew
That's probably why I keep a tight grip on my deuce-deuce

Now if you're doin for your family and you can't stand it
Cuz you know these mothafuckers tryin take advantage
Say they doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And if your kinfolk broke and he smoke dope
And he need to catch a mothafuckin different stroke
Say he doin too much, yeah Joey you doin too much

We parlay, parlay everyday DPG style
We might throw a pool party every once in a while
Now in fact we gon' do one this weekend
Let's see how many hoes me and my nigga Rose can weed in
I believe in, sharin the cock
Also, I believe in comparin the cock
Look, don't knock a nigga like me (why?)
Cuz she love the way I just beat up the pussy
Not just knee deep, she was totally deep
When she went down on me
She blew a nigga socks off, got a nigga rocks off
Ooh wee, baby you's a freak
Put my homey up on game like a gangsta
But my homey fell in love and he banked her
Ain't that a trip? Now we in a twist
Back in the county wit the red ribbon on his wrist

Now when a nigga hit his girl and she don't hit back
And he get his third strike wit no get back
Say he doin too much, yeah homey you doin too much
And when the homey in the pen, doin a sin
And his girlfriend fuckin wit his best friend
Say she doin too much, hell yeah she doin too much

I'm livin up in the hills, wine sippin wit mills
I'm havin major type of paper, I ain't trippin off bills (still)
Show me some respect and accept my coolness
And don't mistake my kindness to mean I'm foolish
Use this as a warning, cuz I'm startin
To figure it's some niggas think I'm soft as Charmin
Pardon me, cuz I ain't mad when you get bent
But I hate when fools mistake me for U.S. ?spray?
Friends and family, gettin after me like repo
Eat, smoke, choke then want me to throw em a c-note
You doin too much when you clutchin on my touch-tone
Callin strays over nigga leadin months gone
Conversate for fo' hours, wastin mo' power
And only get to hit a cold shower
You fakin like you're makin more moves than Simpson
But frontin, pushin buttons, doin nuttin but sin

And when a nigga on yo' phone, runnin up yo' bill
Tryin to tell some hoodrat bitch how he feel
You know he doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And when your baby momma cryin bout she need some milk
And you heard some other nigga did been at her tilt
You know she doin too much, yeah baby you doin too much
That's real

// Gangsta Ride //

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg singing (2X)]

It's a gangsta gangsta ride
On the nutty danger side
As we ride, dip and slippin
Take your mind, on a high

[Silkk the Shocker]
Yo yo, from that DPG nigga to the CP3
Back to the house, East to the West
Now take it BACK to the South
You know.. how I switch my flow
If I'm lapsin you glad niggaz'll get mad then, hit the flo'
Gotta bag me some dank so I, hit the sto'
In the winter it's the Hummer for the summer it's the, six-fo'
Got niggaz mad at me (why?) Cause they can't get no six
Bitches upset with me (why?) Cause they can't get no dick
I'ma be on top of the game whether I'm, broke or rich
I don't stop once I'm on top I just drop mo' hits
I'm in the club with the thug, I just pop mo' Crist'
Tell Snoop to get the Coupe his new shit I just, gots to go get
Cause when I cock my shit, usually I pop my shit
Tell all you teary eyed females gettin over-offended
cause I don't jock no chick
I'm the Boss, and I don't follow no person, I follow Jesus
Y'all blame a bunch of kids, so I gotta roll my Adidas

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Boom bam as I step in the jam, god damn
Don't need no introduction, cause you know who I am
The S-N-double-O-P, the only, fo' sho'
Now motherfuckers let me hear you say hoe
I spit ya, spat at ya, whoot wham, get at ya
Rider, I threw a slider, right at ya
Mash ya, gat ya, drip-drop the hatchet
Keep the party crackin, while I'm steady rappin
This game we run, y'all know what's happenin
We back in effect, we got the heat on deck
I'm slidin down South with a blunt in my mouth
I catch a plane out East and try to make some peace
I'm hangin with my niggaz in the projects
The homie's throwin a party, I gotta get back West
Oh yeah -- that's right, we are the best
No Limit DPG Southwest connects, ya feel me?

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Keep it gangsta
Keep it gangsta, keep it gangsta dogg
Keep it, keep it gangsta dogg
Yeah, we keep it gangsta dogg
Fo' sho', we keep it gangsta dogg, what?
Yeah, I wanna say whattup to all them gangstas 
out there on the Eastisde
(on the Southside, on the Northside) Yeah
(on the Westside)
Y'all niggaz need to point the guns in the right directions
Ya know, ya heard?

[Chorus 3X]

[Snoop and Silkk talk to outro]

// Ghetto Symphony //

[Snoop Dogg]
Yo nephew, give me some of that No Limit shit
Yeah..
We got my nigga Fiend in the house
C-Murder in this motherfucker
Mystikal all up in this bitch
Goldie Loc, hm-hmm
My nephew Silkk the Shocker
Oh yeah, we got somethin for the ladies too
Mia X, run this bitch

[Mia X]
Lyrical arsonist, lady alligator
Down South, hustler, former weight smuggler
I'm Mother, of the Tank, gave birth to an army
Guerilla millionaires, so don't even ask, if you wanna
get to clappin, soldier action specialty of style
We made the whole world respect the underground while
some of y'all niggaz talk shit and get mad
Cause we did it with a foot up your ass, and it's still there
I cares not about your click or the block
I'm still that same bitch to run up in your spot and knock you off
Broad, with the cause (yeah) bitch on a mission
Keep them niggaz by they nuts while you hoes be dick kissin
Missin the game, damn bitch it's written in plain ebonics
So shake that come-up off you brain and do the knowledge
Mia X, kickin off the ghetto symphony
Next soldier up, tell em who the FUCK you be

[Fiend]
WHUT? It's Fiend y'all
Put me in the ring with real MC's, and watch em run for cover
and hidin in trees, to escape the mic that I breathe on
Bleed on, exceed on!
Weak rappers with titles after twelve
Hit a bell that's what I'll feed on!
Microphone Don, walkin flesh, talkin bomb
Bringin harm, to the calm, and, them be alarmed
It's the African, oh, you wanna battle again?
I'll turn, you and your mans, to my yesterday plans
Oh damn, totin two pistols like Yosemite Sam
Old man be grand, loud as the Southern band
Pickups and caravans, the soldier, that could, that can
I would be the man, but Dogg beat me to them plans

[Snoop Dogg]
Next up, on the M-I-C
C-Murder, get busy for the symphony

[C-Murder]
I be's that nigga on the tank, always trippin never slippin
Have you reminiscin and missin, that fool in your picture
Call me Bossalinie BITCH without the Mo's at shows
And FUCK dose who oppose (why?) we runnin them hoes
three-hundred and sixty-five motherfuckin days a year
I have your fool staggerin just like a bottle of beer
You niggaz runnin from the cops, well I ain't runnin no mo'
I flip the bird when I swerve, man, FUCK them hoes
I'm crazy my nagga, but uh, I thought y'all knew that, shit
Oh you ain't see the news? Shit I'm the nigga with the TRU tat
Ask my nigga Keno, shit, I just don't give a fuck
And if you run up wrong, I'ma fuck you up, you bitch you

[Snoop Dogg]
Next up, on the M-I-C
Silkk the Shocker get busy on the symphony

[Silkk the Shocker]
Now would I COME THIS FAR FUCKER? If I didn't sound like a hit
Y'all didn't know what the fuck y'all thinkin bout
You sound like a bitch (beotch!)
Shit it sound like a wish, you know when you got a motherfuckin hit,
bitch?? When it sound like this!
Or you fake niggaz get enough heart, and try to bust a
rhyme at this click
Fuck around and miss, then fuck around and get
found in a ditch
Gotta labels give me dough, when they find I can, gross this much
Freestyle shit, you can tell em I ain't, wrote this stuff
Silkk the Shocker, KLC perv and mash like, Snoop and Dre nigga
Y'all can relate to ??? ??? get a contract like, MJ nigga
Nigga where you from? You sweata, FUCK YOU AT?
N-O-L-I-M-I-T, Top Dogg, and I'm FUCKIN with that

[Snoop Dogg]
Next up, on the M-I-C
Mystikal get busy on the symphony

[Mystikal]
WHOO SHIT MOTHERFUCKER GOD DAMN!!
I keep it HYYYYYYPE, BITCH I'M THE MAN!
When the FUCK you ever heard somebody say that they don't say my song
or that I don't roll on every fuckin person RAPPIN ON
(That nigga Mystikal tighter than a muh'fucker) HAHHHHH?
I came up off of _Peter Piper_ bells and the LL's _Bad_
??Nee?? nigga to be pissed off with me
cause their old lady they call me their baby
MC's pilin up and crowdin up, but I'm their FAVORITE
The type to fly buyin a Z-28 IROC
And chop you in your motherfuckin face (HIII-YAH)
Your album ain't tite, WHAT IN THE FUCK IS YOU PUSHIN?
You played out just like old woman pussy

[Snoop Dogg]
Next up, on the M-I-C
Goldie Loc, get busy on the symphony

[Goldie Loc]
Now watch me put these haters to the test, accumulatin with my stress
Fold em fuck em fifty, get the shit up off my chest
Releasin anger, all natural gangsta energy
Goldie Loc the name, Dogg House game
Motherfuckers better start backin up (whattup whattup)
We in the Tank punk busters, motherfuckers don't wanna see us loc'd up
Little Goldie Loc, Goldie Locks the same thang
Smashin for the hood, cause I wanted to gangbang

[Snoop Dogg]
Last up, I believe that's me
Snoop Dogg, light up the mic for the symphony

This jam is dedicated to all non-optimistics
That thought I wasn't comin, out with some exquisite, rhymes
But that's OK, cause now I'm back
To kill all the rumors, and straighten the facts
Like umm, doin bad, gettin ganked for my bank
Now you all on my dick when you see I'm TRU Tank Dogg
You say, "Mmmm mmm mmm! Ain't that somethin
Dogg I bought yo' album, my nigga, that shit is bumpin
I apologize, I'm sorry for the drama
Can I get your autograph for my baby momma?"
Shit I'm settin it off, lettin it off, bustin
Hustlin, rushin, dustin motherfuckers
Droppin the heat, lock up the street, we 'posed to
I put this pistol in your mouth, now what you gon' do?
Top of the line, first class
I pop a cap in yo' ass, then pop some more in the glass
Too legit to quit, I'm spittin gangsta shit
Man fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin

No Limit, yeah, that's what's happenin
Fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin
Yeah
In the real world, talk is cheap
Actions speak louder than words
No Limit Records, here to protect and serve

// Party With A D.P.G //

[Verse 1]
Stacey Boots, perms and suits, I'm braided up, can fade it up
I skated up, you waited up, so you know I got to go ahead and tear shit up
Turn lose on these muthafuckers Jelly Roll
Nephew, boy this shit is out of control
Rockin, rollin, bangin b
A little something, something nigga, thats banged up streets
Freak, freak yall, into the beat ya'll
And to all my big doggs grab your meat cha'll
And yes, yes ya'll, oh we the best ya'll
We got the shit that make the bitches grab they breast ya'll
It don't stop till the wheels fall off
954 headed swervin in the goodin clinic, tryin keep it hot right
Fuckers spot light, my nigga Jelly Roll make it knock light

[Chorus]
We all shinin' stars
Ya'll know who you are
And dip low lows with me
You party with a D.P.G.

[Verse 2]
We ridin, dippin, slippin, slidin, eastside up eastsiders
Riders, ballers, rollers, ladies, 
players, gangstas, macks, pimps, and 'llacs
Hustlers, bitches, niggas and G's, we having big thangs blowing trees
Shinin, grinin, refuse to lose
I gotta a G in my pocket for dippin out of shoes
I head the corner in the Navigator
Committed to excellence like a Raider
You hate a nigga like me but you got to love me
Your lady wanna shove me and your kids wanna hug me
A nigga fuckin like Buggsy Seagal again, I'm in the ringle again
I do it all legal again, I can't lose you won't win, respect the boss
If you run up, you gettin done up, I love to floss

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Why you acting bad, probably cause I'm know as the bad actor
In the rap game I'm the big factor, macker, smack a bitch in a second
The big dogg nigga very well respected
You gotta put your mash down when you wanna get to the top
The game is stuffy like Puffy don't stop
I thought I told ya, nigga I'm a soldier
No Limit Lieutenant, yeah I did it
I'm committed like a motherfucker supposed to be
Won't let no bitch niggaz close to me
From my head to my feet I'm protected from harm
Cause I'm a muthafucking shining star, you feel me
And fuck who wanna kill me
you niggaz thrill me, but guess what will be
On top tip top, non stop, dogg not
And you gotta let me end, the nigga I'm a shine like a G

[Chorus]

// Buss'n Rocks //

Another smoke session up in this motherfucker
Blaze some shit up for me Q
Yea, wussup Dogg, this is whut I'm talkin bout
Some of that gangsta shit (Eastside)
Shuttin these niggas up (Shut em up shut em up dogg)
Westcoast nigga, Quik and Snoop Dogg (Forever)
9-9 nigga

When I wake up in the morning and I get up out my bed
I feel good, o yes I do
Cause I still can give it up for you

[Chorus:]
Cause we're all a little strong
In the Beach, where the paper's long
But as for me
I only G when I'm buss'n rocks
Dogg Pound
[repeat]

[Verse One:]
Nigga, you know you gotta have heart
I told you niggas from the start
If I'm still in it, I'm in it for life
Always stay down and keep my motha fuckin' game tight
Cause ever since Elementary, or was it Pre-school Quik?
I was a motha fuckin' fool
I had to have papers it was routine
A young nigga on a mission for them collard greens
I, shake niggas
Break Niggas
Make niggas, shank theyselves
For fuckin with my wealth (nigga)
And it'll catch on
Cause if it don't, it's on
And, cuzz, I ain't even slippin' when I'm all alone
Sittin' back loungin' in the Chronic Zone
Clown me ya gone
Surround me, it's on
Get the money you're gone
My niggas' paper so long
They call him Snoop Capone
So if you want me, get me, got me
Should have shot him
But now they call me Snoop Gotti
And that's all I LBC
Betta yet, that's all I DPGC

[Chorus (2x)]

[Verse Two:]
I'm slappin' bones
In front of my home
Choppin' game on the phone
Smokin' a zone
Big 6, big 5-3's with ya bitches
My girls in the kitchen, cookin' up some fish and
I'm blastin' at this nigga that was trippin'
O, knuckle head nigga, thought I was slippin'
But I wasn't slippin', I was on deck
I blast his ass, peck peck now his shirt's wet
Dead, gone, light's out
With no remorse, I had to take him out
I'm laughin' at this shit cause it was funny
Fuckin' with the dogg I take your life and your money
And then I dip to my spot (dip dip)
And set up shop with yo rocks (motha fucka)
And nobody gon' speak on the 8-7
Cause still, all doggs go to heaven

[Chorus (2x)]

[Verse 3:]
I'm freestylin'
C-stylin'
Snoop and Quik comin' through we fin' to take you to the island
Where the bitches and the bud come free
And everybody listen to the D-O double G
Hoes on my dick, niggas on my nuts
People be lovin' me because I drop cuts
That makes sense, it make big money
See Snoop is that nigga who don't hafta play funny
But I got yo honey, up under my wing
Cause she like the song that the bow-wow sing
I'll put her in a cling
I won't buy her a ring
But I'll put her on the hoe-stroll to make me some green
And even if she never even saw me befo'
There's just no way that she can tell me no
You know my game's unbelievable baby (uh uh, uh uh)
And it's strong enough to make your grandmama pay me

[Chorus (2x)]

West coast, gangsta shit
My nigga DJ Q
Yea
Like I told y'all
DPG for the 9-9
DPG, yea Top Dogg, fo sho'
Smoke y'all

// Just Dippin' //

[Snoop]
Yeah, uhh
Wanna say whattup to all them riders
All them siders, all them gangstas, and all them beotches
Yeah, we keep it gangsta
Yeah, we keep it gangsta

Dippin down Long Beach Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs, and I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all, I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs

[Dr. Dre]
Dippin down Compton Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs (say what) I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all (fuck y'all) I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs

[Snoop]
Beware of the big mash, you knew he wasn't finished witcha ass
He'll stay on it til it's burnt out, looked how it turned out
Nuttin you can do, can't help you out
So fall down, Dr. Dre done fell back into the House (DPG)
with the Pound, bitches keep throwin pussy at us
We don't want it, yea bitch it don't matter
It's all about the money, if you got it, throw THAT up (throw it up)
Hmm, ride along witcha set (Eastsiiide)
And watch us, you motherfuckers can't do that yet
I skirt out, I hit a corner on ya, fuck doin halfway
I do it to the fullest, I'll probably catch bullets on my last day
I hope a prayer come through so I can eat
My shoes lookin like about a buck fifty each (but I ain't trippin)
But I'ma come up, that's on my momma
Now that's on me, cause that's a burden on my momma
And she done suffered, the shit's gettin rougher
And when the goin get tough, the tough get a strap
and low-ridin's on the map
Snoop Dogg's #1 the whole Pound's got snaps (nigga)
Yeahh, tell me, have you seen us?

Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it

[Dr. Dre]
Uhh, actin a fool, nigga done paid his dues
and got my receipt in return, so I recline the leather seats
with a trunk full of beats and, chronic filled leafs to burn
No concern as I make a left turn on the Sharpe (sup nigga?)
Off of Jefferson, feelin awfully naked at the U-turn
Shit, left my gun, that's a no-no
Fuck Ronald Parks, I'm my own po'-po'
Nigga talkin dirty after dark, startin stuff
May have to mark up a nigga FUBU logo
Lettin off like a Ruger promo
And even though I'm about the hoes, I never doubt the dulos
You know the rule goes, where there's a hoe there's a hater
(Fuck them niggaz!) Well there's some hoes over there,
and I concentrate on the haters later (what?)
Give these bitches numbers to the pager
Invite em to the next Dre function as party favors
Who said pimpin's hard labor?

[Snoop]
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!

[Jewell]
Heyyy, ohh yeah, ohh yeah
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Al-always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, we're dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
In them streets, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
Hittin them corners, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come

[Snoop]
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it

// Don't Tell //

Hello, what's happenin?
This Snoop Dogg.
What you doin?
Oh serious, check this out.
Nigga fittin to come through there.
So um, leave that back door open so a nigga can come in there real slow.
Yeah.

You got a job, I got a life, you got a man, I got a wife
Baby girl, baby boy, that's the way of the world
It ain't got back, can't get back
You say it won't get back, shit I hope it don't get back
I'm creepin with you, sleepin with you
It's gettin bad on a nigga, now I'm beepin you too
And meet me at the hot spot and work that skirt
You know the blue one, the new one, girl you know the truth hurt
Heart beatin while I'm cheatin, trying to catch a nut
Bad little bitch got a nigga caught up
I'm slidin in the rag top Chevorlet
Got a nigga all out of bounds in West L.A.
I'm tryin to find your granny's house, is your auntie house
Well um, you know we sorta kinda burn it out
You know I turn it out whenever I'm in the mix
I'm creepin with my secret and that's how I wanna keep it, peep this

[Snoop Dogg]
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)

[Warren G]
I met this thang named Juanika
She stayed in Engelwood and she knew Tamika
Tamika and Juanika was tight like gloves
I seen em Tuesday night hangin at the club
I say what's up Tamika boo, what's up with you
She said Mauseburg skandelous, nigga so fuck you
Some bitches be lyin (lyin), most bitches be tryin (tryin)
To get a nigga caught up, that's probably why I'm (I'm)
G'd up, boot up, to hit it and show
I give it to you real baby, can't (shake em up dogg)
Jump in the Burg, let's swirve on the low key
Windows tinted cause everybody know me
You told on Mause, you told on Snoop
And now you wanna tell on me, well woopty woop
Put me up on game, your homie
It was too much fun, hm, remember what you told me

[Snoop Dogg]
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)

[Mauseburg]
No baby I ain't with the bullshit
I been fuckin you for two weeks and I ain't seen no cashflow increase
You've been runnin your mouth, tellin your girls how I'm fuckin you
What I got in my house, the things I don't do for you
Better be careful cause your girls wanna come too
Yay kiss and a rub back and now I'm up in you
And did you tell Tamika
I was wondering why my homie baby momma was blowing up my beeper
You's a cold thang, I told you keep it on the DL
And if I decide to hit it again it's at the motel
Tellin them broads about my furniture and jewels
Work on my table and how holding my clientel
Damn do it hit the spot
As pretty as you is no more blessins for your trot
But I might for the sake of my swipe
Hit it like it's supposed to be hit if the vibe is right tonight

[Snoop Dogg]
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)

[Nate Dogg]
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
Ain't no big deal until that hoe squeals
Now I got to keep my fuckin woman from around that hoe
Take a fuckin rubber everywhere that I go
Keep her from her family cause her cousin know
She say she fuckin Nate but she can't prove it though
Next time you can't come if you got a loud tongue
I know I got a big dick, shouldn't loaned it to a trick
This time you act like a nigga who just did a crime
You got your ass busted now you facing time
The money's in the pack, it's on the drivers side
But nigga you was with it so when you be quiet
Now you facin twenty all by yourself
The nigga you was with man he rich as hell
Even though this story is a fairy tail
Act like you that nigga bitch and please don't tell

[Snoop Dogg]
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me

// 20 Minutes //

[Snoop Dogg]
Hey yo Goldie Loc let me hear some dog (puff)
We gotta go some for the hood that's on the real
Yeah, this is a public service anouncement from the mathafuckin LBC
Yeah, check this out cuzz, uhm, 

Hey yo Goldie Loc
let's do this for the homies in the hood
The dub, waddup
No disrespect to them other hoods
But this is where I'm from 
3-2-1 I can't cum
No other way 
No way, no how
You know the bowwow do it Long Beach style
To the fullest young nigga row
With my steal I cap home feeling like a O
No he didn't, yes he did
Bank your chin in her crib
This ain't no fed
But now he did
On the other side where the cowboys at
Where the brown blast black 
And the black blast right back
That's a fact in the city where I'm from
You betta get ready
Caus here they kitty come cum
Nigga we can dumb on your bitchass
I ain't trippin caus I'm from the oldschool
And I never hesita to blast
See, we be innin
You gotta beginnin to win
Holla back nigga in 20 minutes

[Goldie Loc]
Gimme your mic and watch me brake these niggas
How they figga
Bustas get shot tryin to plot
Blew the dice hit them twice hit a seven
Now Snoop watch me trip when I back your eleven
Mix for licks to double my chips 
Some bangers so much I got cheers even go to there
Now back up and watch me stack up my dirt
I steal like G'z when you woke up and it hurt
Watch me try matches no need for no practice
Fuck around and get straight stoned with the package
Dogg get the weed bangin 
How the homies feel 
If me and you left here for hangin
I feel like givin it up
Caus I'm a young nigga livin it up
Me and Snoop ain't give a fuck
20 minutes to get your C-walk on 
You know I get my ride on all on his own
Check this out dog, you don't know me shit
You know I respresent the eastside Long Beach with the crip nigga

[Snoop]
Two's, O's, fo's and hoes
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me, 20 minutes

Deuce, fo's, hoes and clothes
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me, 20 minutes

[Goldie Loc]
We ride 
Sliding of to the eastside
Hoo-ride, to homicide
Rollin in the G-ride
So what yall bustas gon'do
When the pimps, bangers and hustlaz smash on you
One for the money 
And too for the sjizzo
I'm lil Goldie Loc that gives a fuck about a hizzo
Three to the fizzo
And five to the sizacks
My nigga snoop dogg gives a fuck about a bi-zitch
Yeah you hearded from me, mmm, 
Authograve that ass
Nigga, L-A-L-G
Little Goldie Loc 
Goldie locks the same thang
Smashing for the hood caus I wanted to gangbang
Will I change
Hell nah nigga
Quick to jack that ass to make my bank roll bigga

[Snoop Dogg]
Trip
I shot em down
I shot em , shot em down
And if the too damn big
Then I cut em , cut em down
Nigga where the pound 
Hell yeah I'm from the pound
Nigga how that sound
Dogg pound bounce
I got homies from the dub that bang everyday
I got homies from the hood that do the same all day
I keep my feet real close to the street
And keep my hands real close to the heat
I'm not descreet when it comes to the dogg
I'm a real O like eight-ball
We C now us by the gangbangin
Crackslangin, entertain us
Sippin silver set not to contain us
Askin which one of yall niggas wanna scrap
We can do it G-style 
Mathafucker strap
Just like I tought nigga
You got caught
Ol'bitchass nigga droppin all that soul
You see, first thangs first when your a grown man
You gotta get up, get out and get your own man
See, I don't owe you and you don't owe me
It's 1999 I'm the OG
Respect your G'z is what my homies told me
So I show real love to the dubs

20 minutes, 20 minutes cuzz
yeah, nigga 20 minutes cuzz
And like I said
Deuce, fo's, hoes and shows
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
Yeah 20 minutes
Holla at me nigga like I said
Two's, fo's, hoes and shows
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me cuzz
20 minutes
Roll, roll, roll your dubs
Eastside I-T-C
Roll your doggin doggy dogg
Nigga this D-P-G

// I Love My Momma //

[Snoop]
Momma.. MOMMA..
I love my momma
I LOVE MY MOMMA..
Through all the drama..
Momma.. MOMMA..
I love my momma
Check it out

[singer]
The first one to hold me (yeah)
The first one to scold me (yes-o)
You never cease to teach me
And always try to reach me (momma..)
Took me to school the first day
Taught me how to kneel, down and pray (amen)
You learned me how to count from one to ten
And never forget, where I've been
Momma.. 

[Snoop]
Yeah, I love my momma
Through all the drama, I love my momma (I love my momma)
Through all the drama, I love my momma
Yeah, I love my momma -- love you momma (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you mom (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love you momma, yeah, I love you momma
(listen here) Trip..

[singer]
You taught me how to care (uhh)
You taught me how to share (f'real)
You taught me how to love and to give
thanks to the one above -- I love you momma

[Snoop]
Yeah, I love my momma
I love you momma, I love my momma -- I love you momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (now you tell em Snoop)

You taught me how to read and write, how to fight
My do's and dont's, my wills and my wont's
I'll never forget, the things that we went through
Bangin oldies in the livin room, sippin brew
Schlitz Malt Liquor was the thing back then
My momma was my homey my daddy, and my best friend
Ask the Twinz, them my lil locos to the end
And Warren G and Nate Dogg, shit them my true friends
Time and time again, I'ma spit this rhyme again
She the queen in my life, and I'ma make sure she gon' shine again
She taught me everythang, but she didn't charge a fee
She taught me everythang, except how to see a G
For the nine months you carried, I hope you bury me
instead of the other way around, and I put that on Dogg Pound
I made you cry, you made me smile
I just wanna say I love you for life
and that's the reason why I'm here now
Love, Snoop

I love my momma, yeah..
I love my momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love my momma (I love you momma)
Through all the drama, yeah, yo, yeah, I love you (I love you)
Momma, momma, momma, momma, I love my momma
Momma, I love you momma
I love you momma
Momma, momma

[singer]
Your money wasn't always long (fo' sho')
But your heart was forever strong (momma.. momma..)
You taught me bout faith and hope
And never ever get hooked on dope
Momma.. (I love you, I love you momma)
I love you momma.. (throught all the drama, I love my momma)

[song fades]

