// Stoplight //

[Intro - Unknown speaker]
How else could you capture the world
if you don't attack from the back
To the million march... hehehehe
(Yo, Snoopa Donna, what??)

[Chorus]
When I pull up to the stoplight
I gotta have a paper right
If you come back right then we can boog it [echoes]
When I pull up to the stoplight
I gotta have a paper right
If you come back right then we can boog it [echoes]

[Snoop Dogg]
Boggy, boggy, boogy...
I'm going 65, 75, 80
Mashing down the boulevard downtown movin' like crazy
In the fastlane, high-beams shining
Tryna keep the timing on the track
With the diamond in the back
Move roof wide open, scoping, locking
The bitches relieve, the hoes keep hoping
They can get it, fit in, back seat, just sit in
Four hoes on a black tryna put their bid in
Girl, put it to work, you gonna do the damn thing
Happen, the rest of y'all, eat dirt
I'm rollin' in the "Mackmobile", I'm back for real
One hundred percent, pimp-motion, that's the deal
Back wheel-spinning, number one, I'm winning
Hoes lookin' inside, and they just to grinning
Waitin' to choose, while the rest wait to pay y'all dues
Don't trip I keep my hoes in two

[Chorus]

[Interlude]
Yeah, this is radio station 187.4 FM on your dial
In your car up inside the four o'clok traffic jam
We gonna be taking request right now at 87752-Snoop
Call station naming ya game...
Aw, yeah, hello, aw yeah, this Soopafly here
Man I wanna get a piece of that Stoplight shit
Man that motherfucking baggin church

[Snoop Dogg]
You see them pretty buttons on my stereo? (don't touch 'em)
Don't touch 'em hoe!
You see Snoop Dogg on the floor mac
Pimping ain't (yeah) now sit the fuck back
I'm the man in charge, +Boss+, my backhand is horse
Simple slim, man I'm large
Mashing so big like a fo' by fo'
Show my do', and if not it's hoe by go
Ain't a hoe after I can slow my flow
My wheels cause a fortune, bitch I'm scorching
Seen some niggas who love to talk shit
Reach for my thang and my glove compartment
Dipnap the use it, flashed in my music
Kids in the streets askin' Doggy how I dooze it
First place in the race and don't wanna lose it
Niggas better watch out and bitches better move it

[Interlude 2]
Yeah baby, you got ta move your groove
To prove that you supposed to groove in the moon
as I recite naughty nothings in yo' eardrums
If you cruisin' up the boulevard in your car
Put it in park and let the dogg spark, yeah baby

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Interlude 3]
Oh, no
Tot that track you phone
I am Sam Dussel, DPG Buck
And I hate Stoplight
I always make to the next ?McMany?
I told you right I wouldn't C-Walk
Light me out, hahahaha!

[Snoop Dogg]
Half past late and I'm still rollin
Real hoeing, make a nigga pocket still swollin
Still going, black and white tip-toein'
Flash in my player's car (why you play so hard?) cause I'm a Don
Sippin Moet, smoking Chron'
Doggy wanna see that dress my locks are on
Pimping black-red, who let bag to blunt
Can't tell the sunset from the crack of dawn
Half tank of gas
Rollin' down the window, reach out to extinct that ass
Get hot, turn down the heat, burn down the street
My hoes love to earn my keep
It's only five miles left, so I whipped it
Skipped it, lifted it and overdrive
Straight onto five, pimp nigga on the rise
85, 95, 100 and good night and fuck that stoplight

[car crashes]

// From Tha Chuuuch To Da Palace //

Fa shizzle dizzle, its the big Neptizzle
with the Snoopy D-O-Double Jizzle!
...(Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Hehe, yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Ahaha, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

[Verse 1]
Bam, boom, watchoo gone do cuz?
Guess I'm rollin in with them baby blue chucks
And I still got my khakis creased
Im still rockin on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets
Its the S-N-double-O-P, and, biggest dogg of 'em all
and youse a flea, and
and since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must
and give it to you mother fuckas like bust-a-bust
I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust
And cant none of yall, fuck wit us
But you can run up on the G but thats not thinkin wisely
these pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley
(What the hell is goin on? Someone's sleepin in my home)
Snoop to the D-O-Double G
Get in, where you fit in... follow me

[Chorus]
Whos the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Keep the lo-lo in the three wheel stance (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

[Verse 2]
I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz
Here to annihilate you mark-ass bustas
fuck the police cuz all they wanna do is cuff us
The one nigga is chilly, as if his name was Usher
But I'm still ridin in macks, makin 'em G stacks
and got them corn rows to the back
I aint really tryin to be picky
but if you give me somethin, its got to be the sticky
Doin by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncin
Ninety doin fakin with kissin on the couchin
Boo to the ouchin, more a fountain
But thats how we get anotha doggy dogg housin
This year we aint fuck wih thousands
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound, with a car fulla bitches
fuckin grits like Alice

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Three 14 inch rims is runnin on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Take two and pass it, it will not burn you
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Street Journal
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe
Ask Bill Gates (yeah I know the homie Snoop)
Yeah I'm still loaded, hangin wit my folk and
Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke"
Cause I done seen so much, enuff to have your felons touched
When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data
Nigga fuckin stop breathin
That is so relievin', and now ya bitches are leavin'
What I say cuz what I say is so real
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel
You dont wanna catch a body, You cant hear the party!
Now thats what you should do, now wheres my baby-boo?

[Chorus]
[fade out]

// I Believe In You //

[Latoiya Williams]
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture... (how I picture)
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river... (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you... (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I wont do
Cause I believe in you... (you)
Oh I believe in you... (you)

[Snoop Dogg]
And I believe in you too
See can't nobody make me do what you do
I mean I'm so in love with you... (boo)
I never thought a girl could make me
Take me
To a whole new world
Re-shape me, love me, hate me
Lately
We ain't been fussing or fighting
You play all day and I be working at night and
The only one who understands my life and
The cake and the icing
These other girls
In the world
Live their life so trifling
I couldn't do it no more
I had to sit you down
And make you my wife and... (yaa)
Cold thing
But you know
It's a cold gain... (goal gain)
It's so real
I had to bless you with my last name... (last name)
Slowed me down
Straight took me out the fast lane... (fast lane)
Hold me down
Come on baby
Watch me do this thing... (do it)
I been crowned king
So I guess that means you're my queen
You have my seeds
Lets go ahead and raise this team
It's so special
You're all I ever need

[Latoiya Williams]
I'm feeling good and my baby's home
You're spending time
Holding hands
To this beat
The fellow that can satisfy my every need
Is he the one?
We've been around and we're both grown... (grown)
Look at me... (me)
I'm like a baby
I took that chance
And I feel secure about this love romance
Let's have some fun
And I believe when you say
Ain't that special... (oh)
Touch my soul... (soul)
Feel the same
When you whisper softly
And call my name
Here I come
It's more than words that I ever could sing
You're that chill bring
Maybe your walk or just the way you do me
I really think we are the two
Cause I believe in you
Take a second realize we can make it if you
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all nite long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gonna love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I believe in you

[Snoop Dogg]
And I believe in you too
Cause its the right thing to do
And I believe in you too
Cause its the only thing to do
I couldn't give you away
No matter what my friends sizzay
See when I'm gone
Away from home
I'm alone every dizzay
I left a gang of messages for you
On your two way
But you ain't hollered back
But you know how, you play
You say, ok
I say, no way
We got to be together forever
And a dizzay
Cause I believe in you

[Latoiya Williams]
Take a second realize we can make it if we
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all nite long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gone love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river... (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you... (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I won't do
Cause I believe in you... (you)
Oh I believe in you... (you)

// Lollipop //

Just Blaze!

[Snoop]
Ehehe, oh really?
You know what? .. You talk too much
Hoe get up out my face unless you tryin to fuck
Cause on the real a nigga kinda drunk
And right now the way you lookin bitch you fly as fuck
I don't even know if I done had too much
You play too much, I had to fuck
Cuddled you up and put my hands on your butt
Rubbin your stuff and now your pants full of nut
.. You can't tell me nuttin
Let me shoot my thang on your bellybutton
I got to, keep it gangsta
Your homegirl want some, I just might bank her
Shank her, bank her, and take her bankroll
Big Snoop Dogg and my game is way cold
Never, ever, overexpose
I usually got a car with a room full of hizzoes

[Chorus]
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Soopa-Duper, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously

[Soopafly]
Now bitch, check it out, where my money, c'mon break it out
Just sayin hoe, I ain't playin c'mon, take it out
Dick down the track, c'mon, we gon' work it out
Straight pimp shit we on, we gon' church it out
(If you don't know) I'm quick to change up stick
My dick in yo' mouth and aim up
Open up your eyes you'll see my navel
Flip down my drawers, you'll see that label
Sniffed so much 'caine/Kane, the bitch got able/Abel
Put the switch on, directed my cable
Splash!  What head work and what ass
Bitch stop my dick hurtin, now fuck Daz
Run fast if I tell ya bitch walk
Get caught, I'm takin all that bitch got
I don't need no relationship
All I really had in mind was my dick, yo' face and lips, c'mon

[Chorus]
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Hovi Baby, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously

[Jay-Z]
Young! Woo! Hov'! Yes
She wanna meet the only king on the East coast
Hook me up witcha boy Snoop she said he so low
I never get the chance to get at him
Only on the TV when I blow kisses at him, muah
Listen here madam, you can throw the pussy at him
If it ain't about snatch, well it just won't happen!
.. Hov ain't into backwards mackin
.. How backwards that is
.. I don't love 'em though
'Less makin a little paper then I love 'em the most
If she's, sneakin in the club with the toast
I'm flyin the friendly skies with 36 hoes
Shit, I can get a chef to cook for me
Talk about some paper if you tryin to book me
Ma, you can keep your head
I got, expensive habits that need the bread

[Chorus]
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously

"Let's go do the bump.. give me that funky stuff" [repeat 4X]

[Nate Dogg]
I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't stop
Slang that ass like I used to slang rocks
Bend over trick let me get to that spot
Later on you can lick on my lollipop
I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't quit
You know you get a hella response from my dick
Don't put your fuckin clothes back on 'til you rich
The type of woman I want tonight, a straight bitch!

// Ballin' //

[Chorus 1]
Like a star slipping out of place
Sliding from the sky
Tumbling through space
When you touch my hand
I swear I feel like I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Like a wheel
Whirling round and round
Rolling down a hill (rollin' down a hill)
Spinning on the ground (rollin' down a hill)
Your kissing makes me dizzy yeh
In the head (ooh yeh)
And I'm ballin'
I'm ballin'

[Verse 1]
Hmm, I love this game coz this game love me back
I'm pushing a lac, smoking sacs like a mad mac
Bringing me back, banging the 8-track track
The Dramatics and Battle Cat and Snoop like that
Big stars in big cars we pull up at the big clubs and sit at the big bars
Sippin' champaign with a bowl of cavier
Hell yeh you are, yeh you are
Say it say it, coz they all deny it
Player play it, coz you cant deny it
As fly as it get, as fly as I spit you know its the shit
It's so gangsta, gangsta bitch
Switch back to the old school, old fools know
This here thang we do so original
I got to have it, lavish
Is how we establish
On the real love one it feels good to have

[Chorus 2]
Like a rose, flippin down the street
Looking oh so sweet (lookin' oh so sweet)
Bumpin to the beat (bumpin to the beat)
These streets they keep me busy yeh
Makin' bread
And I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Oh here I go!
Ballin making dough
Working for myself
Coz it thrills me so
I keep women on my line
Coz they know
That I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Oh here I go!
Driving down the road
I can't help myself
Ballin' Thrills me so
Yeh you blew my mind
And I know , I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')

[Verse 2]
Do that, who that, you that one they called on
Baller' get your ball on
It's all on now fall on to a new groove
Really aint nothing to prove
We, set the mood
Or shoot some pool
Or blaze a Cool
What? Whatup fool
Now you can cruise if you choose but I prefer to do the cha-cha
And once my small kitchen ?throw?
You know I gotcha
Watch out, no need to pull your glock out
It's a players affair, now
Look at my hair and the girls wit me
They got the same thang on
Pimp pimp parade, my nigga get your bang on
Coz my uncles about to get their sang on
And all round the world, my nigga, it's the same song
And when its time for your callin', fallin', wit no stallin'
keep it ballin'

[Chorus 3]
He starts to mill
Just rollin' tru his town
Stacking dollar bills (stacking dollar bills)
Raising dogg pound (he be raising the dog pound)
Becasuse he's loved
Loved in every city
Thats why he's ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')

[verse 3]
There it is coz it is there
Now have a seat and come hit the game from a player
They say time brings change and change brings time
It's so genuine and so divine
It's been so long in fact its overdue
Now tell me baby girl what can D-O-DOUBLE-G do for you
I fell for you, I'll always look over you
Theres really not much that a player would'nt do for you
So quit stallin' and fallin'
And come get a bar of some of this ballin'
Now quit stallin' and callin'
And come get yaself a bar of this ballin'

[Outro]
Yeh thats right, this is ahh, radio station 187.4 DG
Sock it to your ass
With something from The Dramatics
And Snoop Dog
Let them spot that ok
It's another one of those world premiers
Doin' it to ya doggystyle, in ya air hole
for the 2000 plus 1, yeh

// Beautiful //

[Telephone rings]
[Boy who answers phone:] Oi fala comigo
Guy on phone: Yo let me talk to Snoop
Snoop answers phone: E ai?
Guy on phone: Yo dog we on the way to do the video
Snoop: Fo shizzle! 

[Hook 2X's: Pharrell & Uncle Charlie Wilson]
Ohhh-ohh-oh-ohhh-ohhh... (Oh-hooo!)
Yeahhh, yeahh, yeah, yeahhhh... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...)
[Chorus 2X's]
Beautiful, I just want you to know (Oh-hooo!)
You're my favorite girl... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...)

I know you gon' lose it, this new Snoop shit
Come on baby boo, you gotsta get into it (Oh-hooo!)
Don't fool wit the playa with the cool whip
Yeah-yeah, you know I'm always on that cool shit
Walk to it, do it how you do it
Have a glass, lemme put you in the mood and, (Oh-hooo!)
Lil' cutie lookin' like a student
Long hair, wit'cha big fat booty
Back in the days you was a girl I went to school wit
Had to tell your moms and sister to cool it (Oh-hooo!)
The girl wanna do it, I just might do it
Here to walk wit some pimp-pimp fluid
Mommy don't worry, I won't abuse it
Hurry up and finish so we can watch "Clueless" (Oh-hooo!)
I laugh at these niggas when they ask who do this
But everybody know who girl that you is

[Chorus 2X's]

[Verse 2]
When I see my baby boo, shit, I get foolish
Smack a nigga that tries to pursue it (Oh-hooo!)
Homeboy, she taken, just move it
I asked you nicely, don't make the Dogg lose it
We just blow 'dro and keep the flow movin'
In a '64, me and baby boo cruisin' (Oh-hooo!)
Body rag interior blue, and
Have them hydralics squeakin' when we screwin'
Now she's yellin', hollerin' out Snoop, and
Hootin', hollerin'; hollerin', hootin' (Oh-hooo!)
Black and beautiful, you the one I'm choosin'
Hair long and black and curly like you're Cuban
Keep groovin', that's what we doin'
And we gon' be together until your moms move in... (Oh-hooo!)

[Pharrell:] Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...

[Chorus & Hook: 2X's]

[Bridge 2X's: Pharrell & Uncle Charlie Wilson]
...See I just want you
To know that you are really special...
Ohh why, oh why, oh why, oh why...

[Verse 3]
Snoop Dogg Clothing, that's what I'm groomed in
You got my pictures on the wall in your room-in (Oh-hooo!)
Girls be complainin' you keep me boomin'
But girls like that wanna listen to Pat Boone (Ehh... oh yeah, there's 
something about you...)
You's a college girl, but that don't stop you from doin'
Come and see the Dogg in a hood near you-in (Oh-hooo!)
You don't ask why I roll wit a crew, and
Twist up my fingers and wear dark blue-in (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something 
about you...)
On the eastside, that's the crew I choose
Nothin' I do is new to you (Oh-hooo!)
I smack up the world if they rude to you (Ehh...)
'Cause baby girl you so beautiful...

[Chorus 2X's]

[Bridge 4X's]

[P:] Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... Oh-hooo!

[Repeat 'til fade]

// Paper'd Up //

"He's a sweet, soul, brother!"

[beat from the remix of "Paid in Full" plays in the background]
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
"You make me feel so goooood!"
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!

[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!

[Chorus: Mr. Kane]
In the world of change, here I am
Tryin to have some thangs
So what you need is some game, to get your money man
Ohh baby, in the world of paper, paper

[Snoop Dogg]
Thinkin of a master plan
Cause ain't nuttin but sweat inside my hand
So I dig into my pockets, all my money is spent
So I dig deeper, but still comin up with lint
So I, start my mission, leave my residence
Thinkin how can I get some dead presidents
I need money, I used to see a stick-up kid
So I think of all the devious things I did
I used to roll up, this is a hold up, ain't nuttin funny
Stop smilin, cause still don't nuttin move but the money
Cause now I've learned to earn cause I'm righteous
I feel great, so maybe I might just
Search fo' a 9 to 5, if I strive
Then maybe I'll stay alive
So I walk up the street, whistlin this
Feelin out of place cause man do I miss
A pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of
Me and Warren G, and a big fat plate of
Chicken wings, cause that's my favorite thang
But without no money man that shit's a dream
Cause I don't like to dream about gettin paid
So I dig into the books of the rhymes that I've made
Soon as I bust 'em see if I got pull
I hit the DoggHouse, cause I'm paid in full [echoes]

[Chorus]

[beat from the remix of "Paid in Full" plays in the background]
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
[Snoop] Money, money, money, money!
[Snoop] Money, money, money!

[Mr. Kane: repeat 2X w/ ad libs]
W-w-w-w-w-well
W-w-w-w-w-welllll
Ohhhh baby
W-w-w-w-w-well
W-w-w-w-wellll, ohh baby
Ohhhh baby

// Wasn't Your Fault //

[Voice talking (echo)]
Yeah .. niggas wanna take care of these hoes
Niggas wanna control these hoes
You can't control these bitches
These is independent bitches these years
You can't understand the 2000 in here?
Motherfuckers wanna put they mack down
Wanna put they soder down
Let a bitch do what she wanna do
If she chose to ride wit a G
Then let her ride wit a G
The bitch don't wanna sit back and be a housewife all the time
Let the ho be what she wanna be
A real slut, and let the ho get on and make her money
You understand? I got a homey sittin' by me
Understand this nigga don't understand because he's a young nigga
You know what I'm sayin'? I'm been in the game since '85
And I know a ho don't do nothin', wanna play a nigga like 9 to 5, alright

[Snoop Dogg]
YIKES, Shabba dabble do [light barking noise] I can dig it baby, you know
Because these hoes, they can't be controlled
You gotta find 'em, spot 'em, send 'em, get em, got 'em, you know

[Chorus - Male voice (Snoop Dogg)]
It wasn't (uh uh) your fault (it wasn't your fault)
You was only tryin' to be nice (tryin' be nice)
Only tryin to be nice, ohh (can't be nice to these hoes)
You know you can't control these hoes (no, no, no)
You know you can't control these hoes (can't control these hoes)
You know you can't control these hoes

[Verse 1 - Snoop Dogg]
What she do, she jumped out of her sleep and left the pad at a quarter to two
That's on you, you shoulda put your foot in her ass, like a pimp's supposed to do
But instead of goin' 'upside da head'
You bought her a 5 karat wit your bread
And then she went and gave her homeboy Ted some head
I ain't tellin' on her, I'm just sayin', what you do
When your bitch out of bounds and you don't know what to do
What we do, we check 'em from the gate, to keep a bitch straight
It's on you, see you can take her out and buy her all types of things
You's a fool, cause when she leave you, for what he do
You'll see fool

[Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Snoop Dogg]
Me and you, that's what you thought 'til your ass got caught
Shame on you, and now I understand why my momma used to tell me that
Ain't that true, you can't make a queen out a motherfuckin' hoodrat
Game on you, cause now you back at your momma house
And you sleepin' on tha copeasack
What's she do, I gave her the keys to my '74 Cadillac
Say it ain't true, she let a nigga drive it, ask tha homie Battlecat
Whatchu do, put my foot in her ass and mashed tha gas
You know me, and ever since that day my nigga, I've been P I M P

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg]
Thats your boo, but she know every nigga in the Roc-A-Fella Crew
That's on you, baby blow too much, I mean she know too much
That's my boo, it's all about who she did and where she been
I love you, you shouldn't a told her that, you should a smacked her flat
Shame on you (shame on you), your so in love you fittin' to get a tattoo
That ain't cool (that ain't cool), love is blind and no friend of mine
If I was you, I'd a packed her bags and bust anotha bitch thats bad
Game got rules, if you lose a ho, you gotta gain a ho

[Chorus]

// Bo$$ Playa //

[Intro - Don Magic Juan (echo)]
Boss Playa .. Boss Playa ..
Big Snoop Dogg .. is a Boss Playa
This is the archbishop .. Don Magic Juan
Skin and game, cheah

[Chorus - Snoop Dogg]
Many people don't be knowin' about this pimp game (pimp game)
But I'm sure they wanna know about this pimp game (pimp game)
And to me you know it aint no motherfuckin' thang
To give it to you plain and simple, cause you know its played
Holla at 'em Doggy Dogg, go and do that thang (go ahead)
Ok son, I'll tell ya like my nigga "Pootie Tang"
I got that bounce, to make her booty swang
That little cutie thang, 'fraid she's a beauty bang

[Verse 1 - Snoop Dogg]
Rollin' with a player cause thats what he was
And dedicated to his paper, Jesus
On his bitches (hard as feeds uck)
And if them law boys pull him over he won't freeze up
He got the heata-fa-heata and the keysa
With a pocket full of big faced Visas
They say its cheaper to keep her, now baby ease up
Kick back and blaze some of these trees up
Now sit your ass in the treesa
And do me a favor and turn the music up
Should I slap her, or should I freak her
I'll take the stronga, you can have the weaka
Speak when spoken to, yeah I broke a few
And by the way I was hoping you
Had a freak for me and a freak for you
I make 'em do for us
The thang you been wantin' her to do for months

[Chorus]

[Don Magic Juan - talking]
This is the Chairman of the Board ..
The archbishop Don Magic Juan ..
Big Snoop Dogg .. is a boss playa
As a matter a fact
I was there when he was crowned 'Boss Playa', cheah

[Verse 2 - Snoop Dogg]
I had three on my right arm and four on my left
Lime green and gold, we was sharp to death
Had to catch my breath, watch my step
Playin' this game, you can holla at the ref
And call a timeout, before you put your dime out
Stop, pause, rewind before you put your rhyme out
And go to the "Wizard of Oz"
And tell 'em that your tryin' to get yourself a brand new heart
A brand new start
Cause you realized that you hadn't played your part
And that was smart
It's like a art the way I articulate
And break these bitches from state to state
See, I've been the flyest since I came out the gate
I ain't ask for it homie I just shake and bake
I won't fake to make you buy my tape
I say a prayer to the Lord just to keep my faith
Fuck straight

[Chorus]

[Break - Snoop Dogg (female voice)]
Will you steal for me? (Yes I will)
Will you kill for me? (Yes I will)
Would you lie to me? (Never)
Would you die for me? (Whenever)

Will you steal for me? (Yes I will)
Will you kill for me? (Yes I will)
Would you lie to me? (Never)
Would you die for me? (Whenever, whenever)

[Don Magic Juan - talking]
Big Snoop Dogg, lets you know ..
That this game ain't for no lame ..
If you got heart, you can play this game
But if your heart ain't right
We got a remedy for that, too
You gotta go see the wizard .. to get you some heart
And the archbishop Don Magic Juan is the Wizard
That's got the game .. for them lame
Boss Playa .. Boss Playa .. that's what this gang is all about
Boss Playa

[Chorus]

[Outro - Woman talking]
Gangsta, Gangsta, where you been?
Round the corner messin' with brothanem
Youngsta, Youngsta, you at it again?
Poppin' gats for the fuck of it, when you know you got ends
I don't think that you should be in the streets like that
You know you the fashion type of cat
Always in them stores, with major whores
Doin' things, bling bling
West Coast runnin', lovin', hustlin' smokin', always chokin' in the green
With the sticky in yo hand fo sho
Everybody round ya cause  they know you got mo'
Wet Cristal, you like to get wild
You like to dip in yo sexy shit
Rollin' through them streets, poppin' CPT
L.B.C. rollin' with me, ohh

// Hourglass //

[Snoop Dogg]
Awww yeah
This one goes out to all you muthafuckers out there
That didn't think we could make records that could bang in the club
Ya that's right
All you ladies out there with the big butts
with the long hair, the big titties, the pretty eyes
Report to the dance floor right about now

[Snoop Dogg]
Wiggle it round c'mon down
Doggy-d-o-double's in town
I know you wanna get down
So why you lookin' at me like that
Bitch break that shit down
I wanna make your kitty cat growl
I wanna hit it get it right now
So what you playin' with it for
Back it up slow move it around and dance to the flow
Now put your hands on the floor (c'mon)
C'mon on and gimme some more
It's crazy but baby that maybe we gonna fuck in a man's mercedes
Bitch I ain't that loco
Fuckin' with a broke hoe
Get a nigga smoked tho, no-no, na-na, nae-nae
She got a whole bunch of kids like baby
Listen what the pimper say

[Goldie Loc]
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be

[Mr. Kane]
I slap bitches in the face and give em Jay-Z lips
Make them sign their life off so they can pay me chips
I cut hoes so much I should sell band aids
Give bitches sandwiches with handmade mayonnaise
I put bitches on the stroll hall
Plus I control hoes like remote control suped remote controlled cars
Code blow hoe on 'em like the internet
Got my dick in her neck and ain't even took her to dinner yet
Fuck that I ain't taken her to dinner
I'll bring her to a diner get behind and go up in her
You fuckin' with losers
I'm a winner I'm gone in summer hot in the winter
Fuck hungry I'm ready for dinner HA!
Bitches don't know the low
'Bout to slap your ass off the endo smoke
I'm in the club straight goin' for broke
Sellin' bitches everything even low key dope

[Goldie Loc]
Don't you wanna get nasty
I like it when you freak that ass
36-24-36 shaped like an hourglass
??
Let me rub up on that clit it feels so nice and soft

[Snoop Dogg]
Coast to coast we do-si-dos
And get your day started like a breakfast toast
Me and my niggas make beats for your strokes
Heat for your tokes, baby tees for your chokes, keys for your ?
Me squeezin' your folks
When they come through
With their noses flarin' out like they be on that coke
Nah we on that dope
Now she wanna go cause she wanna know
How did we walk through the front door
Your pants down straight VIP
Well when it comes to rap styles, and rap crowns, and mack downs
Just mingle, we straight smack down
We so OG this here gonna be
If you with it you can have a little hit off me
Get nasty, get freaky, get busy o-so-off the hizzy

// The One And Only //

Aw yeah, coming to you live and direct from the LBC
We have the one and only, Snoop D-O double G
Yeah, yeah, drop it

[scratching]
It's the one and only D-O double G
Big Snoop Dogg, it's the one and only
The one and only, D-O double-double-double G

[Snoop Dogg]
Big Snoop Dogg
You in the presence of a motherfucking rap star
I push up laid back in a black car
Though I bossed up, it ain't hard to tell that
I came up hard as hell, check it out
I stayed sharp and played my part
All I had was a mic, a dream and some heart
Me and my moms wasn't getting along at this time
And since pops was gone, I'm out grinding
Catch a nigga praying, swearing I ain't going back to jail
Judge about tired of a playa, I don't know about this bidness shit
But I'm good with this rapping, can I get a witness what's happening
That's about the time I put down the rocks
And got to working in the studio around the clock
For a small profit, but a whole lot of game
Man I'm famous, now it ain't the same

[Chorus]
It's the one and only D-O double G
Do you want some of this
Top Dogg bite em all, yeah I'm burning it up
Aw naw, Big Snoop Dogg
You tuned in to the number one
Buck one, buck two, buck three, buck four
So get real fool, fool

[Snoop Dogg]
Local boy made good over night shit
Not only am I getting righteous but wise see
I paid the price, with consecutive platinum hits
I up my status, aint no more Calvin Broadus
World on my shoulder, but I can handle it
Now that I'm older, I'm sharper and colder
Can you remember when I slid in Deep Cover
And made niggas in the Beach love eachother
A street hustler, but I'm all set for the come up
Best kept secret so I'm want up
I've been acquitted up for 1-8-7
Yes I'm blessed thank God in Heaven
Now all I need is a push in the right direction
Weed and a mic now I'm writing checks
And now the game ain't stopping
And can't nobody say my name ain't popping
Started off young as a little-bitty buck
Now I'm ready for the world, and I got to give it up

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
You in the presence of a motherfucking millionaire
Stop, look, listen, feel, yeah I ain't tripping on shit
I worked hard as a motherfucker
Fuck Cuzz, and him too cause all y'all suckas
Now with the savvy of a business man
I gave, new niggas a chance, to see what they was saying
And kept a spot on hot, West Coast on lock
Big Dizzel knocking down your block
Never looking back uh uh, a steady process
And leaving that way, cause see I'm blessed
It's like I'm happy now, cause I'm a family man
I fell in love with my kids and my wife again
And these here are the files of a classic
It's my throne till I choose to pass it
Worldwide and the sun shine so bright
That's why I wear my yellow C's at night nigga

[Chorus]

// I Miss That Bitch //

[Snoop]
This one right here is dedicated to a lot of famous players out there
That might have been in love before
I know some of you might not think gangstas fall in love (I miss that bitch)
But uh, it's true
If you been in love like I been in love before, you know
It's hard to get with somebody once they gone (I miss that bitch)
It's hard to replace that special someone
When they just up and you know
Dip dive and so socialize
And what we gon do right here (I miss that bitch)
We go'n kick something over this HiTek beat right here
For all the players that lost somebody special
And wonder where she at
E. White kick that shit (I miss that bitch)

[E. White]
I got my eyes wide open
The whole time I'm holding on to hope with you on my mind
It's been a while child, I'm getting down with Dogg
I bet my name all around your wall
Perhaps I went to jail
That left us out of touch
Shoulda shot some mail or something
Ain't no telling where she at now
I be God damn
Baby I really wanna see what you got now
I'm all grown up with my shit together
I don't know if I'mma see you ever
I got a woman and shit,but I must admit this
You at the top of my list
Unforgetable
Fuck with them nigga do
I still miss, there aint no getting rid of you
But in the mean time I'mma get with cha
Until I get somebody with your hook up Imma hit ya

[Chorus]
I miss that bitch
She was a pot of gold
Her body was cold
I don't know where you went
Where did you go (I miss that bitch)
Shopping around looking around
I'm try to see
Where could you be
How could you do this to me (I miss that bitch)

[Snoop]
My momma got mad 
I was young when I hooked up with her
One hit and I couldn't stop trippin
A long lasting relationship 
Pass you around, and let my niggas take a hit
I used to break you down just to roll you up
You the real, you never will slow me up
And you was always on my mind
Say no more
I still miss you at times
All of a sudden you lost my interest
I packed it up and set about my business
You used to have a hold on me
Sometimes to the point that they said you controlled me
I kept going to jail and all that
Get out, fuck with you again, I'm right back
I guess I had to learn the hard way baby
I'm leaving you alone cause you driving me crazy (I miss that bitch)

[Chorus]

Ohhhhh
Mary, mary, mary
Quite contrary
Ohhhhh
Every time I think about that girl
Make a nigga wanna have a wet dream
Release some steam
ohhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh
I miss that bitch

// From Long Beach 2 Brick City //

[Snoop]
Get on up to get down
And really go to town
And don't stop till you get enough
I wanna rock with you 
Shake your stuff [2x]

[Redman]
Yo Yo, Doctor
Everybody hit the floor
Wild out till the security hit the door
I'm dirty
Gorilla paws, bang sugar walls
Hoes wanna pop E, hang with a Dogg
I told my man Snoop
She salmonilla
Got a ho with no dough with condoms with her
I'm a ride to the death of Def Squad on my chest
Look at it crook at it
Rob you and jet
Surprise you and flex
Funk in the Cadillac truck with a chicken, bobbing her neck
You done woke up and ain't trying to sleep
You done called up Hugh Heffer to find the freaks
I'mma stay on the street
I'mma stay saying 'fuck you' behind police
My mamma ain't raise no fool, she love me
That's why she hide my tool inside her room
I'm a jump, bump, throw that ass
Rough sex, I gotta fuck with shoulder pads
I'm like baby powder, ain't nann 'nother
Ain't nann ho getting Redman butter
And my man Gutter, DJ Murder Inc.
Ja know them hoes yo we can't love 'em
Underground the heat yeah I stay buzzing
Mixtapes I'm on the street they stay dubbing
Brick City riding,then 'bout it 'bout it
Shoot up you town then we Bin Ladin hidin'
Meth, show'em where the luger kept
Open your safe, show me where the food and vest
I hope when Dre hear this, he give a beat for ten more
Cause I stay on the corner like squegeemen
Yo Nate Dogg, what's happening y'all
Long Beach, Brick City
Scream at your frog

[Nate Dogg]
Everybody shaking
All these hoes around me
She was lost in the land of love
Glad that Nate Dogg found me
Girl you got a phatty
New York back to Cali
You know who got the bomb weed
Long Beach to Brick City
I know just want you want, I got just want you need
Turn that shit around, and back it up on me
Since I was the first, I guess I'll be the last to leave
D-O-double-G, will you keep it gangsta please

[Snoop]
I gots to do it
Yes Yes loc', we keep the best smoke
Me and my nigga, my nerve, my kinfolk
I kick a bitch in the ass and then smoke
I'm a motherfucking fool in the pool doing the breaststroke
You want a problem, then lets go
Cause if not I came to disco
And freak this ho from Acopoqo
And flip her inside out, now I'm bout to ride
Let's go we hit the hood slow
Post up, set up shop and press four
Who got the best flow, who got the most dough
Who got the best hoes, nigga you know
Shit its been ten years since I hit some cess smoke
But I still rock a mean coat on the West Coast
In the summertime
And I crumble mine down to the dandelion
Nigga watch how I handle mine
Spiritual, hear we go, hear this
Snoop D-O-double-G, man I'm so fearless
Square biz, you know what time it is
I'm cool on these niggas but I'm hard on a bitch
Now check dis, fact is
Put your back out, now back in
Go head wiggle it round you feeling me now
Girlfriend, you killing them now

[Bridge]
The way you shake your booty
It makes me want your booty
The way you shake your booty
Sure looks good to me [2x]

// Suited N Booted //

That's short Jay
Gators on your feet
Six piece outfit
Hat to the side
Four bitches on your arm

I keep my glass in my hand 
In case I want to get my drink on
Feeling way pimping
Should I put the white mink on

[Chorus]
You Got to do it
Suited N Booted
Me and my niggas stay 
Suited and Booted

Game is tight
I'ma put this gold link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the blue mink on

[Chorus]

What you think we toasting for
Me and my nephews west coast for sho
We keep the best of indigo
We count our blessings, give thanks and then we blow
I'll say it again, I know I've said it before
Why Snoop be letting his mink drag on the floor
That's pimp shit, something you wouldn't know
G'd up from the feet up, laying low

Game on lock
That's why I got this link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the green mink on

[Chorus]

I keep my glass in my hand 
In case I want to get my drink on
Snoop Dogg clothing 
With a light pink mink on

[Chorus]
Mayre Gators, maylike boots
Seven piece custom made suits
Hats to match, counting my chicken stratch
Just cut a deal with Cadillac
Fo real, that's why I be dressed to kill
Sixty-five G's for a Snoop Deville
Get you one, matter fact get two
They come in burgundy, but I'ma paint mine blue
I can't come through half steppin'
I keep me a cane as a potental weapon
Slap a bitch or beat a nigga up too
I do what the fuck I want to do
I stay cool, act the fool, represented
Hard from the get go, so hard to the finish
The cleanest, the meanest, I know that's right
And don't get to close cause these gators bite

Game is lock
That's why I got this link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the orange mink on

[Chorus]

I keep my glass in my hand 
In case I want to get my drink on
Snoop Dogg clothing 
With a honey brown mink on

[Chorus] 

Yeah, Suited N Booted baby
Lemme add something up for you real quick
Fifteen-hundred dollar gators
Six thousand dollar suit
Twelve-hundred dollar hat
My muthafuckin glass cost eight-hundred dollars
And the Snoop Deville I just jumped out of that's sixty-five G's
Plus the ounce that I got in my pocket
Add me up nigga, that's a hundred something thousand
Motherfucker can you buy that
That's called being suited N booted
G'd up from the feet up, can you dig it
And we do this here like seven dizzles a wizzle
Fa shizzle my nizzle, the big Snoopy D-O-double-jizzle
Back up in the hizzle, Da Boss, Nigga

// You Got What I Want //

Yeah, this pimping stay open all night
Check this out Jellyroll...

[Snoop Dogg]
We do break hoes
We don't fuck with fake hoes
Yeah, we make hoes
Strip down to they panty hose
Pop your whip, now grab that bitch
Pimping Snoop ain't having it
Oh you like pussy, congratulations
I'm trying to get your ass in my congregations
I keep three hoes in my room at one time
Two nickels and the other's a dime
You wouldn't wanna, keep a hood on her
When I'm dropping that motherfucking wood on her
Cause I perform, a G like Warren
A nigga getting paid off shooting porn
They call me the black folks President
Snoop Heffner mixed with a little bit of Doggy Flint
Banging this parliament, come get a bar with this
You would wanna be a part of this, oh bitch ass nigga
Quit playing with the hoe, and let me borrow the bitch

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson]
You got what I want
Tell me if you want, just what I want
Cause I got, what you need
Baby if you need some, get it from me
Cause I got, what you want
I want you to want, just what I want
Just want, what I want
Ooh you got just what I want

[Goldie Loc]
Look mama make you hot like a corn to pop
And watch how fast you see a nigga boxers drop
I'm trying to work it fast, but I know you like it slow
You know I got to bust a nut and hurry up and go
You got something that I want right now
Hurry up and let me put the black spot on the cow
Make the pussy ball up like salt to a snail
And when I kill it big daddy, I want you to tell
Cause I don't give a damn when it come to freaking hoes
Call up forty hoes, and have a rolly peep show
And when you give me something, you gone want something back
This dick to your mouth, little mama like that
Fish cost too much, so I feed her sardines
Man I'm the motherfucking MVP of the team
Cold game how a nigga steady spitting this shit
make her mama jump back and say bitch is a pimp

[Chorus]

[Charlie Wilson]
Of course she love my nine
Bitch I got that antidote
Got a bigger dick that'll crack your spine
Then I'm gonna let it inside your throat

[Ludacris]
Tricked out, kicked out get her on gone
Ludacris on the motherfucking microphone
Heey, what's up I came to pimp
Fur hats and fur clothes, and a razor tim
Biiiiatch, I got it made
Just pick one of my hoes, and I got it leid
You never heard as many bitches so fast and frequent
Can I get the ends, bitch delinquents
Run my bath water, cook my meals
And SHUT THE FUCK UP, when I book the deals
And iron my draws, give me cuffs and creases
It's your nephew come to fuck your nieces

[Chorus - 2x]

Gimme what I want
I got what you need
Gimme what I want
Yeah, yeah

// Batman & Robin //

[scratching* "To the Batmobile - let's go!"]
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed"
"Roger, ready to move out"

[during Chorus - theme song of repeats the "Batman!" music + vocals]

[Chorus: Lady of Rage & RBX]
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime
No one, can save the day like Batman

[RBX]
Commissioner X here!
Batman & Robin, we have a bit of a problem
There's trouble brewing in Gotham City
You MUST act fast!

[Lady of Rage + (Snoop)]
Holy mackeral Batman!  I think these clowns need to back down
Let's be the Gap Band and drop the bomb on 'em and make 'em SCAT man
(When you say scat man, like the brother called brother) Uh-huh
(When it's on, it's cold, so bring the coroner cover)
We can take it to the Bassment, live with Tigger
Go get The Riddler, to watch me play that nigga like a fiddler
on a hot tin roof, I got them watchin who?
She who spits it like she was sippin rot-ten brew, ooh
(We Marvel at you Comics, you ain't no Superhero)
You just a stupid zero, you ain't hard like DeNiro

[Snoop Dogg + (Rage)]
Surprise!  The Dynamic Duo
Batman & Robin, gats set for squabbin (nigga!)
Splat!  Hit 'em like forty-five shells (nigga!)
Plat!  Means more than one million sales
That's nuff shot to lick, you get done up
Plus we got the Bat gats, so why would you run up?

"Batman!  Batman!  Batman."
[scratched: "And you're about to find out"]

[Chorus]

[scratched: "And you're about to find out"]

[Lady of Rage]
Yeah, when it's beef in Gotham City I, gots to flip and
Hit 'em with the POW! BAM! BIFF!  Whoa
Pick up your lips, don't trip, tie your shoelace
When I spit, I split it, turn Harvey Dent into Two-Face
Robin, I'm more than a sidekick, I'm more like the livest
They wanna go head up and collide
And like collision, hope your moms made provisions
See you ain't got no wins baby, not even a smidgen
Mad hostility dealt, now I'ma really be felt
Switch on my utility belt, make yo' facility melt
I go Mad on yo' Hatter, watch yo' whole shit splatter
Get, wicked on yo' case like Detective Van Adder
So the, sayin goes, if you snooze you lose
Trust you do, me and Batman the Dynamic Two!

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Cold day in Gotham in the Bat Cave chillin
Catnip for Catwoman so she caught the feeling
Huh, talk about flavor for a Pringle
A favor for a favor maybe later we can mingle
Damn, just then, the Bat Phone ringin
They hoo-bangin' in Gotham, I got to do my thing

[RBX]
Batman!  War is on the brink
It seems that the Penguin is causing a stink
Call up Robin quick, you know what to do
Add dye to the water and splash the town blue

[Snoop Dogg]
Shit I'm there in a flash, Batmobile on 3's
Trust me buddy, got heat for Mr. Freeze
And Clayface will catch the em-brace
of napalm when I drop my Bat Bomb
.. and don't you forget it
Takin out you suckers and you don't know how I did it

[Outro]
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime

[Lady of Rage]
Dirty Dinkins Batman!
Did you see those crispy khaki creases on that rugged wretched..

[Snoop Dogg]
Aiy-yo-yo-yo kick back Robin
Get Alfred and tell him to have barbecued buffalo wings
and a pitcher of Kool-Aid on chill
It's about to get real in the field

[Lady of Rage]
Leapin Lo-lo's!  Over there Batman!  That's a no-no!
Let's hop out this fo'-do'!

[Snoop Dogg]
Yea yea yea, systems engaged
Start the Bat Engine, hit the Bat Switches
You ready Robin?  Let's dip

[Lady of Rage]
Let's, dip!  Holy Hoodrat Sally smokin crack in the alley
Let's, dip!  I mean, crazy kinfolk in Kingsville Batman!
We must, we MUST Batman, listen to me
Holy Leapin Lizards and Gizzards and all that shit that come with it
And potatoes on top with gravy in the middle
God damnit Batman! [echoes]

"Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da--da-da-dah - BATMAN!!"

// Pimp Slapp'd //

[DJ E-Z Dick]
W-Balls, it's your main man DJ E-Z Dick
About to unleash another one of those platnum plus hits
And the word is on the streets, and the word is the streets
We gon go to a live remote, licking wit my main man Mr Doggy Dogg

[Snoop Dogg]
A day in the life, of a Rollin 20 Crip
I'm just a stuburn type of fella with a head like a brick
And just because I sip Moet, they say that I'm hopeless
But I don't give a fuck, so blame it on the loc'ness
Now this is how we do it when we checking the grip
Snoop Dogg is in this bitch, so don't even trip
I bust a funky composition that's smooth as a prism
Now check it as I kick off in this funky ass rhythm
It's six dub, the phone is ringing off the deck
And it's some homies talking about I disrespected they set
Aww nah, Dogg aint this y'all
I got couple relatives up off of Crenshaw
This is about me and Simon, not me and y'all
I got love for a bunch of real B-Dogs
Like K-Dub, Top Cat, B-Reel, E-Rock, Boo-Lay Face
And the homie Har'ron rest in peace
Big Jay from Cappinella Park
He used to blaze with his nephew after dark
On and on, rocking big neck bone
Mausberg I had to put you on my song
It's so real, I had to show some love
Now back to this scrub, it ain't about Crip or Blood
It's about you bein jealous of what I does
Cause I does it the most, the king of the coast
in the paint playin post - I back you down
like Shaq-Daddy, and bust on ya out the new Caddy
And skirt up, bust ya boulevard
I'm not Xzibit, you can't +Pull My Hoe Card+
.. I fucked all your groupies
When you was doin time in Camp Snoopy
With the fags and snitches, no killers just bitches
And you was payin niggaz off with all my riches
You so hardco', why you ain't go to level fo'?
Oh I know (bitch!)
But I walk the mainline everytime I go down
You can check my G files I do it L.B.C. style
.. I got the word on your Simon
You need to just start rhymin
Cause you the biggest star on your label
And them other niggaz just crumbs off my table
You're not able, to compete with the heat that I drop
And I still ain't been paid, for "1-8-7 on a cop"
I started yo' shit and I will end yo' shit
if you keep talkin shit on Crip!

[Hook 1: repeat 2X]
It all boils down to the fact
that you're jealous of my paper stack (jealous ass nigga)
It all boils down to the fact
that you're jealous of my paper stack (gon get pimp slapped)

[Hook 2: repeat 2X]
Money, I get it, paper I got it
Heaters, I keep em, bitches I got em

[Snoop Dogg]
If I shoot you, I'll be brainless, and you'll be famous
And I'll be spending money out the anus
Your only gain is to try to get me to fall down to your level
Man you worser than devils
Alotta niggas should've said it, fuck em
But Ima say it for em, stop it, pop it, rewind and play it for em
This nigga's a bitch like his wife
Suge Knight's a bitch, and that's on my life
And I'ma let the whole world see
Cos you fucked up the industry, and that's on me
We can go head up, nigga, set it up
Or we can do the other thing, I love to wet it up
Your rappers and artists, tell em, shut it up
Cos I'll fuck every last one of em up, especially Kurupt
See that's my lil homeboy, so he knows what's up
He better keep it Crippin, and slip his clip in
Cos these niggas trippin, this is official business
Do the same way, leave no witnesses
This is that unexpected diss directed, sprayed, covered and protected
Strip you butt naked, chicky-check-check-it
It's all to the good again
You can catch Snoopy Dibby Double in the hood again
Spinning that real times, spitting that real shit
To make the whole world feel it
So put the bacon in the skillet, and try to peel it
Cause Doggystyle Records is the realest, nigga

[Hook 1]

Money, I get it, paper I got it
Heaters, I keep em, bitches I got em
Money, I get it, paper I got it

Jealous ass nigga

// Mission Cleopatra //

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, believe it
J-A-M-E-L with the Bigg D-O-double-G (Woof!)
D-A-Z, DPG family, ooh wee (ooh wee!)
Yeah yeah... [crow]

You say you wanna party wit us, well
C'mon baby lemme see you get up, and
Quit playin' and do what I'm sayin'
We got a whole lot of fools if you plan on stayin, WE'RE ALL THE SAME
No matta where you at, in the Bentley or, or in the ghetto
We keep the hot metal
Settle down, and pass it around
Cause we havin' a good time while I'm in your town
French eyes and with French fries and French thighs
It's D-O-double-G and I'ma do it to ya ten times
Flizzy, hizzigh, wizzie
Operation Cleopatra, comin' right at 'cha
J-A-M-E-L
I'm tryna holla at you homie pick up yo cell
DPG, hell yeah I got some suckers on my tail
Could you make 'em bail...

[Jamel Debbouzze]
Ca fait plaisir!

[Hook (Jamel Debbouzze) {Snoop Dogg}]
We gonna party (pour voir les meufs!)
So get the party started (Eh vous habitez o?)
We gonna party {We gonna shake it up... do it to ya... uuh!}
We gonna party (yeeahh!)
So get the party strated (Mais c'est super!)
We gonna party {We gonna set the mood on the groove!}

[Jamel Debbouzze (Snoop Dogg)]
You say you wanna party with us, well
C'mon baby lemme see you get up, and
And what's my motherfuckin' name? (JAMEL! Snoop Dogg ...)
[laughters]
Dogg Jamel c'est mon nouveau prnom
C'est comme a qu'Snoop Dogg il a dit qu'j'm'appelle et il a raison
Eh les gars, (ooh wee ooh wee) moi c'est Dogg Jamel! (winny winny)
O.K "We all the same" a veut dire on est les mme SNOOP!
Ton copain l-bas qui fume d'la weed
(arab) de mon copain Hamed
Hamed, la weed, ti suite ti suite, la weed (PARTY!)
Ti suite tous les jours y'a des gens qui m'nervent
Snoop et moi on aimerait bien les voir avec un minerve
Mais pas la peine d'se vnre
Ce soir on va s'la faire.. (Check this out... CHUUUCH!)

[Hook (Snoop Dogg)]
We gonna party (CHUUUCH!)
So get the party started (c'mon sing it... CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (sing it wit me c'mon... CHUUUCH!)
(Everybody c'mon, CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yeah sing it.. CHUUUCH! A little louder!)
So get the party started (CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yea yeah... nuttin' but a party y'all, party y'all....)

[Jamel Debbouzze (Snoop Dogg)]
Trappes, LA, la mme
Les mmes p'tits traffics, les mmes remises de peine (Yeah man!)
Ah ah... You know what I'm sayin'. Dogg Jamel! (Check this out)

[Hook 2 (all) {Jamel Debbouzze}]
Party party party (Dogg Jamel) {Yeah!}
(Dogg Jamel) {Ok!} (Dogg Jamel)
Party party party (Dogg Jamel, Dogg Jamel) {Alain Chabat!) (Dogg Jamel)
Party party party (Dogg Jamel) {Astrix!} (Dogg Jamel)

CHUUUCH! {On y va les gars! Tout le monde tout le monde!} (CHUUUCH! C'mon sing... CHUUUCH!)
(Sing it wit me c'mon... CHUUUCH!)
(Everybody c'mon CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yeah, sing it CHUUUCH!)
So get the party started (CHUUUCH!... A lil' louder!)
We gonna party (CHUUUCH! Yea yeah. It'w what I'm talkin' about)
{In the break-a zone!}

We gonna party (Bigg Top Selecta) {yeah}
We gonna party (Bigg Snoopy D-O-double-Gizzle... CHUUUCH!)
(With my nephew Jamizzle) {Jamizzle!}
(Fo shizzle dizzle, it's off the hizzzle! fo rizneal!) {fo rizneal!}
(Can you fizzle?) {Can you fizzle?}
(Oh!) {Oh, il est pas content!}
(You don't hear what I'm talkin' about...
You can hear me don't you hear but ya fell me don'tchu don'tchu don'tchu?)
(Woogie woogie) {woogie woogie!}
(Boogie boggie!)
(Doggy Doggy!) {Doggy doggy!}
(I got that smokey smokey!) {smokey smokey}
(Don't you wanna smokey smokey?)

