Album: GeorgeJonesSingsLikeTheDickens

// It Scares Me Half To Death //

It scares me half to death to think I almost lost you
It breaks my heart to know how much I made you cry
And if you'll let me show you darling I'll right the wrongs I've done
And ease the heartaches I have caused in the days gone by
You told me that our love was cold and then you said goodbye
But I can't love another I'd be living a lie
It scares me half to death to think I had forgotten
The vows we made to stay together come what may
And while I'm holding you my darling I'm holding my breath
Cause just the thought of losing you scares me half to death
It scares me half to death to think I had forgotten...

// A Rose From A Bride's Bouquet //

(It was only a rose from the bride's bouquet.)
I went to a wedding one bright summer day
The bride was a beauty and the people were gay
Alone in a corner I stood till the end
For the girl was my sweetheart and the boy my best friend
When the service was over there beside the church door
I picked up a rose that fell on the floor
Alone and neglected as I was that day
Was my sweet little rose from the bride's bouquet
It was only a rose from the bride's bouquet
Once filled with loves perfume now faded and grey
Like the love that she gave me it faded away
This sweet little rose from the bride's bouquet
Each petal reminds me of a moment of bliss
A sweet little love word and a lingering kiss
I waited in teardrops then hide it away
My sweet little rose from the bride's bouquet...

// When Your House Is Not A Home //

I walked up to my door and hate to turn the key
Emptiness is all that waits inside for me
That's how it is when the one you love is gone
That's how it is when your house is not a home.

I look around and see things marked with "his" and "hers"
Little things like this just make things that much worse
That's how it is since I live my life alone
That's how it is since my house is not a home.

Is there a way out for a soul so torn as mine
Each day I live I'm like a prisoner, passing time
That's how it is, ask anyone who lives alone
That's how it is when your house is not a home.

That's how it is when your house is not a home...

// I'm Just Blue Enough //

I'm just blue enough to do most anything
And I know I'm going to hate myself again
But I know you don't want me like I want you
Or you'd be afraid to let me get this blue.

You could call me up and tell me that you're blue
I can make believe you're not with someone new
You could give my heart the will to part with pain
I'm just blue enough to do most anything.

You can get forgiveness for the wrong you've done
Or the heartache that you caused by that response
But the words you spoke you never can undo
That's what you've done to make me in love with you.

You could call me up and tell me that you're blue
I can make believe you're not with someone new
You could give my heart the will to part with pain
I'm just blue enough to do most anything...

// Take Me As I Am (Or Let Me Go) //

Take me as I am or let me go
Why must you always try to make me over
Take me as I am or let me go
White lilies never grow on stalks of clover
Take me as I am or let me go
You're trying to reshape me in a mold love
In the image of someone you used to know
But I won't be a standing for an old love
Take me as I am or let me go
(Take me as I am or let me go)
You've tried to change me ever since you met me
Take me as I am or let me go
If you can't overlook my faults forget me
Take me as I am or let me go
You're trying to reshape me...

// Where Did The Sunshine Go? //

Where did the sunshine go why is it raining so
Where is the love I used to know where did the sunshine go
Where did the sunshine go why do the cold winds blow
Where is the one I needed so where did the sunshine go

I discovered the sunshine in a woman's loving smile
Like a fool I thought the sun had come to stay
Then she fell for another and the sun went out of style
And the springtime vanished when I went away

Where did the sunshine go...

Now there's mothing but heartaches in the whole wide lonely earth
Anyway my blue world looks that way to me
Gone is all of the sunshine and the smile that gave it birth
Leaving nothingbut a cold cold misery

Where did the sunshine go...

// Making The Rounds //

I'm making the rounds with someone new
Now that you've gone away
But making the rounds
It's not the fun if it was with you

The glamor has gone from all the spots
That seem so bright and gay
But making the rounds
Is all that's left for me to do

I never go home till the last
Hideaway place has closed its door
There's too much at home
To remind me that we're through

I laugh and pretend
That I'm not wishing for a bygone day
When we were in love
And I was making the rounds with you

I never go home till the
Last hideaway place has closed its door
There's too much at home
To remind me that we're through

I laugh and pretend
That I'm not wishing for a bygone day
When we were in love
And I was making the rounds with you

// I've Just Got To See You Once More //

In the morning paper there's a picture of you
Smiling just as you did in days before
Tomorrow you'll be web and my heart is just like lead
But I've just got to see you once more.

You look so lovely in your wedding gown
It will only hurt me all the more
When the groom kisses you my poor heart will break in two
And I've just got to see you once more.

He's such a lucky guy to have you for his own
Funny I couldn't see that before
My broken heart won't mend and I'll never love again
And I've just got to see you once more.

After the wedding then I'll go back home
And I'll cry as I never cried before
When the groom kisses you my poor heart will break in two
But I've just got to see you once more...

// Loving Lies //

I'll never understand dear as long as I live
I guess I will always wonder why
You told me that you loved me straight from your heart
And then without a warning said goodbye

Loving lies that I believed and now how I grieve
You didn't mean them from the start
But you told me loving lies and broke my heart

You say I'll soon forget you and find somebody new
But darling oh how wrong you are
I've only had one love dear and it was for you
And from that love my heart will bear a scar

Loving lies that I believed...

// Just When I Needed You //

Just when I needed you, you left and went away,
You made my life so blue both night and day,
You left me here behind, with a troubled, worried mind,
So broken hearted too, just when I needed you.

I cried, I cried, I prayed, I tried 
To forget you and never call your name, 
What a shame, what a shame
You're the one that was to blame
You're the one that proved untrue, 
Just when I needed you.

You said, it's best we part, and never love again,
And though it broke my heart, I won't complain,
You know I love you still, and dear, I always will,
Although you proved untrue, just when I needed you.

I cried, I cried, I prayed, and I tried 
To forget you and never call your name, 
What a shame, what a shame
You're the one that was to blame
You're the one that proved untrue, 
Just when I needed you...

// My Heart's Bouquet //

Was just a very young fellow when I found my pretty flower
Growing in a field of love one day
When she told me that she love me then I knew that I must have her
And I picked her as my heart's bouquet
She's my heart's bouquet my heart's bouquet
I picked her from the field of love one day
Well I loved her then and I love her still cross my heart I always will
She's my darling she's my heart's bouquet
We have faced the years together sharing all our joy and sorrow
She has been my pride along the way
Through it all she has advantage never one time has she failed it
Since I picked her as my heart's bouquet
She's my heart's bouquet...
When old ages crept upon us and the years show in our faces
And her golden hair has turned to grey
She'll still be my precious darling and I love her more than ever
Just the same she'll be my heart's bouquet
She's my heart's bouquet...

