// Lolo (Intro) //

Goddamn, hey what's up, nigga?
Oh, shit
what's up?
Hey, that motherfucker clean
Who was that?
Hey, that's Dre, nigga, that's the
Look at that shit
Hanging that motherfucker, goddamn
That nigga chromed out up under that motherfucker
Hanging on the bumper X
Hey, hang that shit

What up, Dr. Dre?

// The Watcher //

Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Times is changin', young niggas is agin'
Becoming OGs in the game and changin'
To make way for these new names and faces
But the strangest things can happen from rappin'
When niggas get wrapped up in image and actin'
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic
Zipped up in bags: when it happens, that's it
I've seen 'em come, I've watched 'em go
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it and watched 'em blow
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money: I lost them both
Went and visited niggas in the hospital
It's all the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

I moved out of the hood for good, you blame me?
Niggas aim mainly at niggas they can't be
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill
And choose a new spot, if niggas wanted you shot
I ain't a thug, how much 2Pac in you you got?
I ain't no bitch, neither
It's either my life or your life and I ain't leavin', I like breathin'
'Cause nigga, we can go round for round
Clip for clip, shit, fo'-pound for pound
Nigga, if you really want to take it there, we can
Just remember that you fuckin' with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that
When you wanna come and fill these shoes (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead, or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we was raised in
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
'Cause every time you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers
But now we got a new era of gangstas
Hustlers and youngsters livin' amongst us
Lookin' at us, now callin' us busters
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga, we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
It's funny how time flies
I'm just having fun just watchin' it fly by (The watcher)

'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

The watcher
I'm watching
The watcher
The watcher

// Fuck You //

Hi, baby
I know you're under a lot of pressure at your work and all
And I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also don't have any idea how much I love you
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my arms
I miss you... I miss you terribly
I've just always wanted someone like you in my life
I love you so much that I'd do anything
I'd do anything
I'll be your perfect woman for you

I just wanna fuck bad bitches
For all them nights I never had bitches
Now I'm all up in that ass, bitches
Mad at your boyfriend, ain't you?
You'se a bad girl, gotta spank ya
And gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit, hella photogenic
And tell your friends where the dick's at
Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate
Before you kiss 'em, use Colgate
She swallowed it, yeah, the bitch took the whole eight
And ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
And Hittman hit it; damn, bitches
Man, this is what I'm talkin' 'bout
Chicken head, chicken fed, with a dick in your mouth
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
(AirTouch me) Next time you need a taste

I just wanna fuck you
No touchin' and rubbin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We can't be kissin' and huggin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time

You got the number, it's on you to make the call
You know I come quick, help you redecorate your walls
Cut your backyard, don't have to act hard to get the cock
And if I'm going too far, I take it out and wipe it off
And put it back up, and keep going
You tryin' to hide it from your husband, but I know he be knowin'
That your pussy's been tampered with
Did you show him that new trick
Of how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
You be workin' it like a dancer, bitch; it's hard on me
Not to give you all of my time that you wanted
You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed
I'd rather spend my morning diggin' through some records instead
But tonight, I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases
Hook up somewhere and exchange some Fuck Faces
I know your man's looking for ya, he's always trying to run ya
Don't worry 'bout me handcuffin', girl, 'cause I just wanna

Fuck with you on the sneak tip, on some creep shit
So what you gon' do, you freak bitch?
You acting like you don't do dicks
That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin' with
Baby was a virgin, that's what she said
So I gave her some Hennessy, she gave me some head
I fucked her on the floor so I wouldn't mess up my bed
Then Lil' ½ Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home and give her a bone
And give her the number to my cellular phone
Now she's blowin' up my pager, the shit's gettin' major
A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her
Somethin' to go by and bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth and then I'm out (See ya!)
24/7, Dre, Snoop and Devin
We servin' these hoes and never lovin' these hoes, bitch

I just wanna fuck you
No touchin' and rubbin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We can't be kissin' and huggin', girl
You've got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time

// Still D.R.E. //

Yeah, nigga, we're still fucking with you
Still waters run deep
Still Snoop Dogg and D.R.E
'99, nigga, guess who's back
Still, still doing that shit, huh, Dre?
Oh for sure
Yeah
Check me out

It's still Dre Day nigga, AK nigga
Though I've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot
'Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block
Ladies they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How? Nigga, my last album was The Chronic (Nigga)
They wanna know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they wanna know how I feel about it
(If you ain't up on things)
Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still puffing my leaves, still fuck with the beats
Still not loving police (Huh-uh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease (For sure)
Still got love for the streets, repping 213 (For life)
Still the beats bang, still doing my thing
Since I left ain't too much changed, still

I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E
I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E

Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed: I smoke 'til I'm 'sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire 'til you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth
Since "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wrecking Crew
I'm still at it, after mathematics
In the home of drive-bys and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through, then I give you (Still) D.R.E

I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E
I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E

It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on the corner with your fly bitch (Bitch)
Laid-back in the shack, play this track
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still (Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king, but the ace is back
(So if you ain't up on things)
Dr. Dre be the name (What?), still running the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard (Nah, nah)
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars (Hey, hey)
Still gon' get mine regardless (Still)

I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E
I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E
I'm representing for them gangsters all across the world
(Still) Hitting them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E

Right back up in your motherfucking ass
9-5 plus four pennies, add that shit up
D.R.E. right back up on top of things
Smoke some with your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky-icky-icky
Ooh wee! Put it in the air!
Well, you's a fool, D-R, ha-ha

// Big Ego's //

Los Angeles approach control
This is Cessna 0281-Echo-119.3, over
Cessna 81-Echo, Los Angeles approach control, roger, go ahead
Cessna 81-Echo is over the Compton Airport, 5-2 at 5000
Requesting ground controlled approach
To the Los Angeles Airport, over
81-Echo, Los Angeles approach controlled, roger
Radar identification; turn right, heading
0-3-0

I got mo' class than most of 'em, ran with the best of 'em
Forgave the less of 'em and blazed at the rest of 'em
What can I say? Cali-for-ni-a
Where niggas die every day over some shit they say
Disconnected from the streets forever
As long as I got a Beretta, nigga, I'm down for whatever
I roll with my shit off safety, for niggas that been hating me lately
And the bitches that wanna break me
If Cali blew up, I'd be in the Aftermath
Bumping gangster rap shit, down to blast for cash
'Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G
Started from that S.O.B., D.R.E
Like Dub-C, I'm rich rolling, pistol holding
Pockets swole nigga, that's how I'm rolling
Put the flame to the killer, nigga
Worldwide homicide mob figure in the building, for real
I'm hitting switches, making bitches eat bitches
See me grab my dick every time I pose for pictures
I own acres, floor seats watching the Lakers
I'm cool with eses who got AKs in cases

Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Niggas play this in their Rovers, Jeeps and Regals
Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Bitches play this in their Benzes, Jeeps and Geos

I'll bust a Mr. Toughy, slash a Smoovy Doovy
Crashing Flex on Tuesdays, harassing hoes at movies
Passing by with Uzis, like who you aiming at?
That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claiming that
Rat-a-tat-tat
I don't sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys
You gotta recognize Hittman is an enterprise
Cali pride, Bronson rider South Centralised
The Henny got me energized, smoke the guys
Tryna focus on mines, poke they eyes out, I'm L.A.'s loc'est
Hope they don't have to find out the hard way
Like snitch niggas in the pen that get hit
When the guards look the other way
We hitting hard – Hittman and Dre
You playing games? I suggest you know the rules
We putting guns to fools, make you run yo jewels
Take yo honey and cruise to the Snooty and snooze, cop booze
Pop coochie 'til the nut oozes, you shouldn't fuck with crews
That's sick, the aftermath is we rule shit
I'm Big Hitt, don't confuse me with no other
'Bout to blow, motherfucker

Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Niggas play this in their Rovers, Jeeps and Regals
Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Bitches play this in their Benzes, Jeeps and Geos

You look like AC Green, bitch, don't call here anymore
With feet like Ben Vereen's, bitch, don't call here anymore
No no, no no
What up? It's Hittman
I ain't at the crib right now
So you can leave your name and number after the beep
Unless it's Tammie's ugly ass – I ain't fucking with you

// Xxplosive //

Xxplosive, West coast shit
My nigga-ish ways attract girls that used to turn their back
Causing me to yank their arm, impose like I would do them harm
Now I'm saying "Thank you" 'cause they tell me my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive
For my niggas drinking Cognac, smoking weed, always pack
More than one firearm, chrome rims, riding on
Chronic in your system, let me know my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive

West Coast shit, nigga
Over dosage imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch, don't tease, bitch – strip tease, bitch
Eat a bowl of these, bitch, gobble the dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick and shut the fuck up (Fuck up, bitch)
Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up and get my cash (Cash)
Backhanded, pimp-slapped backwards and left stranded
Just pop ya collar, pimp convention, hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce Impala
Pimping hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggas pay for hoes (Hoes), just to lay with hoes (Hoes)
Relax one night, and pay to stay with hoes (Hoes)
Captain Save-'Em-All-Day (Bitch), well, save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hitting pussy or hitting the switch
You into hitting bitches all for the grip, you punk bitch

All my real dogs still kick it with me
All my down hoes still tricking with me
All the true gangsters know
Nate ain't never love no ho
All the hood rats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checking for me
All the real smokers know
Nate ain't passing nothing' but dro indeed
Real trees, chronic leaves, no seeds
When I met you last night, baby
Before I blew your mind (Blew, blew, blew your mind)
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more, now that I'm sober, you ain't that fine (Hmm)
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here, baby, hit the bong
While the West Coast rolls along
While we still making gangster hits
You'll be still jocking gangster dicks
Damn, girl, you think you're slick?
Somebody better get this bitch, this bitch

I got these freaky hoes clapping their hands, stomping their feet
Every now and then, they put their mouth on me
Nowadays, a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year-old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimping bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player, nowadays, it pays to be
Let me drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave your boy the head and said, "Don't let nobody know"
A bona fide pro, I had to grab the ho
She got freaky in your '64, I skeeted in her throat
Been knowing the ho for four days, pimpery pays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the mo
They be beeping me and shit, but we don't kick it no mo'
Them hot hoes is fiending, they're on the nuts
But bitch, I'm out your pussy when I nut, for real

Xxplosive!

// What's The Difference //

What's the difference between me and you?
What's the difference between me and you?

Back when Cube was rolling with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was banging with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business
But sometimes the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
'Cause you my nigga, Doc, and Eazy, I'm still with you
Fuck the beef, nigga, I miss you and that's just being real with you
You see the truth is everybody wanna know
How close me and Snoop is and who I'm still cool with
Then I got these fake-ass niggas I first blew with
Claiming that they non-violent, talking like they—(Do not resist the beat)
Spit venom in interviews, speaking on reunions
Move units, then talk shit and we can do this
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name
Just keep my name outta your mouth and we can keep it the same, nigga
It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

Yo, I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate and play with it
Never knew about the next level 'til Dre did it (Yeah)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers babysitted
I smash the critics like a overhand right from Riddick (Yeah)
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catching bitches while bitches be catching feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid
Never come down, pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces, and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold yo' breath 'til ain't none left
Yo, that's the difference!

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

Alright, hold up, hold up!
Stop the beat a minute, I got something to say, Dre
I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fucking weed is in me (What the fuck?)
I don't know if I ever told you this
But I love you, dog, I got your motherfucking back (Right), just know this shit
Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga, let's blow this bitch
I mean it dog, you ever need somebody offed: "Whose throat is it?"
Well, if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is
Well, that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her waving at people (Hi!), then drop her off on the corner
At the police station and drive off honking the horn for her
Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed-off and beat you with the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up
In they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water
That's for trying to talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even thinking of having them thoughts thought up
You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I just don't give a fuck," and see who means it

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

What's the difference between me and

// Bar One //

Damn girl, it is hotter than a motherfucker up in here
You got that right
I need to go to the bar and get me a drink, please
Yes
Hello
Yeah, what the fuck you want?
Hmm
Let me get a Cosmo

What the fuck you want?
Damn, I'll have an apple martini
This motherfucker drunk as a mother
Thirsty bitches
This a drunken-ass nigga
Oh, ooh, shit girl, those niggas are looking over here! Oh shit, don't look, don't look
Damn, what's up, what they look like though?
Shit, shit, damn, they look, they look aight
They fuckable? What's up, is they fuckable or what?
Shh, chill out, chill out
What?
Here they come
What?
Here they come! Chill out! Damn

// Light Speed //

Hey, yo, what's up?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some chronic with you?
(Nigga, what? For sure!
Roll that shit up!)

Hell yeah, still always into something
Heart still in Compton
The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes
And Firm Fiascoes—assholes
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
Doing a tango
And cash, always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearing khakis not kangols, strangling hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feeding me mangoes, the other lighting my hash
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (What?)
Came home uptight, ready to mash
Like a gas pedal, get on that '64 Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
'Cause we rebels over here, I smell chronic in the air
That means we taking over this year
You hear?

"One!"
That means we taking over this year, ya hear?

Light Speed, blazing Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sipping on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?

I hang among hustlers, that slang and Hoo-bang Bronson
When busters roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
'Cause gang-banging is the active, activity
Where I be living, B, there ain't no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you
Slipping, without yours, it's warfare outdoors
Ambulance, violent uproars
Trash niggas taking out like chores
I meet whores on tours
Jeanie's hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores
B on some hardcore, pornographic
Toting Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like Lebanon
Making fools "Retreat!" like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream on stars
That get loot then crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggas
At Bar One, it's either that or make front page stardom
I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sardo Numpsay
But God's my bulletproof, it's hard to shoot me, you hear?

By the time you see him
That means it's real fucking hard to shoot me, you hear?

Light Speed, blazing Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sipping on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?

// Forgot About Dre //

Y'all know me, still the same OG
But I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no Gs
No wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me 'cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze?
Ho, please!
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C.'s
The Snoop D-O-double-G's
And the group that said, "Motherfuck the police!"
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales weren't doing too good
Who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop or The Firm flopped
Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all!
If y'all don't like me, blow me!
Y'all are gon' keep fucking around with me and turn me back to the old me

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on, when I caught a guy
Gave me an awkward eye (you looking at?)
And strangled him up in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hopping out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch! Call the cops!
I'ma kill you and them loud-ass motherfucking barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt-down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (Right here!)
So from here on out, it's the Chronic II
Starting today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Chicka-chicka-chicka Slim Shady
Hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Calling men ladies
Sorry Doc, but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's okay, go with him, Hailie (Dada?)

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

If it was up to me, you motherfuckers'd stop
Coming up to me with your hands out
Looking up to me like you want something free
When my last CD was out, you weren't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me
Like it was some disease, but you won't get a crumb from me
'Cause I'm from the streets of C-Compton! (Compton!)
I told 'em all
All 'em little gangsters, who you think helped mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talking 'bout guns like I ain't got none
What, you think I sold 'em all
'Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day saying Dre fell off
What, 'cause I been in the lab
With a pen and a pad trying to get this damn label off?
I ain't having that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gon' be nothing after that
So give me one more platinum plaque
And fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddling a Cabbage Patch

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

// The Next Episode //

La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbing with the D-R-E, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker
What? What? What? What?
So blaze the weed up then, blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up, nigga! Yeah, 'sup, Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hooking back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they're giving it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy, we living it up
Taking chances while we dancing in the party for sure
Slipped my ho a forty-four when she got in the back door
Bitches looking at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swinging my hair
Bitch, quit talking, Crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X, you'll be relieving your stress

La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfucking D-R-E (Dr. Dre, motherfucker!)
La-da-da-da-dah

You know I'm mobbing with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fucking streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rolling on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'llac
With D.O.C. in the back, sipping on 'gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dipping through hoods (What hood?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the West Side, it's California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with something to poke on ('Sup bitch?)
Loc, it's on for the two-triple-oh
Coming real, it's the next episode

Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinking we soft, we don't play
We gonna rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be acting too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day

// Let's Get High //

All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck

Talking that, walking that, spitting at hoes
Smoking this, drinking that, getting at hoes
Fuck this I'm hitting that I'm hitting em both
Have one riding dick, one licking my toes
When I'm loving these hoes there ain't no love involved
No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bare britches
Rare bitches like them hoes in them Black Tail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick
(Is that Dre over there?)

Yeah, I just took some Ecstasy
Ain't no telling what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
Plus I got this bad bitch laying next to me
No doubt, sat back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out

Come on let's get high, high
Let's get high, high
Come on let's get high, high
Let's get high, all my ladies
Let's get high, high
High, high
Let's get high, high
Come on let's get high

I make the four hop
Pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel
Stomping in the party
Kurupt, Young Gotti
I'm fucking something in this bitch
Hit 'em with some gangster shit
Put something in your mouth bitch real tasty
I'm looking real saucy in my gangster-ass Stacys
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an'
Got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncing
Bouncing

Yo, what's up, Scruncho?
Mel-Man. what's cracking?
What's up with all these old punk ass hoes in here?

Nigga what, I'm a hustling bitch
I like them get rich niggas
Them hit the switch niggas
Niggas bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
While I'm kicking my game and collecting them checks
Got all y'all niggas vexed to fuck this triple-X rated ho
You say you ain't eat it, you ate it though
And uh, Roq don't stop, can't be dropping no drawers
To the niggas how you figure got you shitting in yours
Yeah, little dicks always running their mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talking about
Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt
Trying to live lavy, marry a big dick and stay cavi
Holler back at them niggas that hollered at me
Pop the Cris'
Whip the six and shit
And have all y'all niggas limp when I twist my shit
Yeah, bitch ass niggas

// Bitch Niggaz //

Some good-ass weed
Check it out Dog: this game is a motherfucking trip man. Word on the streets, everybody always trying to run up on me hollering about "Word on the streets is, this nigga said this". Man, I don't give a fuck about what that nigga said man. That's what's wrong with you niggas. You niggas is just like bitches. Ho-ass niggas, talk too motherfucking much (Speak). Stay to your own, get your own–you know what I'm saying? Be independent, nigga
Bitch

Yeah
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch-ass niggas (Bitch)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Yeah, I'm talking about you (Bitch)
Bitch niggas
And you too (Bitch)
Hmm, Dogg

I meet more bitch niggas than hoes, look here
And I really don't know, but that's just how it go (damn)
Dogg, so many niggas like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (bitch) niggas be talking shit (nigga)
Smiling in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggas stay strapped from way back, cause payback...will
Make niggas wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right)
No more talking, I'm walking and I'm popping the clip
Glock on the hip, set-tripping, dipping and shit
If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch

Bitch niggas, bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
These niggas don't know what the fuck is going on
Yo Dogg, check it, kick back
Let me holler at these niggas for a minute

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, making these punk motherfuckers hate it
(Compton) is the city I'm from
Can't never leave the crib without a murder weapon
Huh, I can't live my life on broke no more
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face, and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thing fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, I'm fiending for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me

These niggas after your paper, Dr. D-R-E (What?)
And these punk-ass hoes is looking for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, they'll be around, but when your paper get low
Just like Master P said, "There they go, there they go"
Bitch niggas, uh-huh

Attention all personnel:
Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and, an–, and, an–an–, and, and looking hard

Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hell of bitch nigga
You's a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
A bitch nigga

I know your type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer, my dick be stuck up in your windpipe
Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the old school
Like Romey Rome, homey, yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, been wanting to cap you
Every since you was mad dogging me with that bitch in your car
Fool, "Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff"
Man, you shit on Hitt, get your shit bust, plus
Pistol-whipped, cover it up, use your bitch's blush
Mr. Powder Puff your bark ain't loud enough, huh
I know Chihuahuas that's more rah-rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No you's a buster slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimens
A bitch nigga

Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop, stop, stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, scheming and looking hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, scheming and looking hard
Stop scheming an–, an–, an–, an–, an–, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop sche–, scheming, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and, and, and stop scheming, and looking hard

// The Car Bomb //

And now, the car bomb

Yo, re-re, come on man, let's get the fuck up out of here, man
All right baby, all right speedy, I'm coming, damn
Took a motherfucking hour to get dressed
I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker
I wanna be in and out, now, don't fuck around over here
And baby, I'm looking good, all right, I'm looking good
I'm saying, fuck that man, I'm trying to get the fuck up out of here, man
All right, all right, I'm coming damn shit
Yo, yo, yo, hold it, hold it, what's up, this shit?
You know the people right there?
You know those motherfuckers right there?
No nigga, I don't know, you paranoid
What the fuck they're looking at? I'm saying you ain't seen
The motherfuckers riding past looking all at me and shit
Nigga, you tripping, now you tripping, nigga you tripping
Let's go, scary-ass nigga you high or something, let's keep
Man, fuck that man, get in the car, man aw, goddamn
Told you don't fuck around over here and shit
Whatever
Uh-uh
Damn, what the fuck's up with my shit?
You didn't put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker, goddamn!
I just got a tune-up the other day, man, my shit all that
Ha ha ha, ain't this a bitch, pined-out Pete let's keep, oh my goodness
Man, shut the fuck up, let me start my motherfucking shit
Fuck you, nigga, take me-

// Murder Ink //

When darkness be closing in
I motivate, with the howling wind
With a list of chosen men, frozen in sin
Knowing that your end is beginning, swift silent and deadly
There's no defending my plots, I know your every movement
For six months I watch
Could've got you at your baby's mother's house
Even at your down-low weed spot
But the backdrop, wasn't flattering enough
I didn't want people gathering and stuff
Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff
Here – puff this cig, while I figure which way, to split yo' wig
Right now you as nervous, as a Farmer John pig
As I dig into my tragic bag, take out the HK
Twist on the silencer, insert the 30 shot mag
Bullet stuck to his brain like a magnet
Skull in fragments, I leave the cleanup to Dragnet

This is anybody (Murderer)
To fucking everybody (Murderer)
Nigga all y'all (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, you'll fuck around and get killed
This is anybody (Murderer)
Motherfucking everybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, you'll fuck around and get killed

Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough
Lurking through the turf, thinking how much it's worth
Give 'em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced
Stepped out the car, put my steel, to the side of his face
Murder is the fucking Case, rob this nigga and shake
The fucking spot cause in a few it's gon' be crawling with cops!
Who's the bad bitch now, you crept on, paid the piper
Who'd've thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper
Detrimental to your health, should've learned yo' lesson
But it's too late nigga bye-bye, better count yo' blessings
I been watching you watching me, yeah you balling
Was, nigga now you finger fucked and steady falling
A thug with no love, but bitch niggas die fast
Thug niggas die young – oh what you thought you would last?
Blast two shots to the dome, slide back to the pad
And jack my nigga off, 'til his dick get soft
Resume the wifey boo shit, cause yo my man don't know
That his bitch is straight ill, serving ass with po'-po'

I'm a motherfucking (Murderer)
Bitch this is anybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, you'll fuck around and get killed
I'm a motherfucking (Murderer)
Uh bitch this is anybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, you'll fuck around and get killed!

// Ed-ucation //

Aw they say uh
A black man is a pimp
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
On planet motherfucking Earth, is her momma
It's her momma that told her
"Get a man that got a good job girl!
Make sure he got a good car girl!
Make sure he can take you out and buy you something girl!"
What happened to just falling in love with a nigga with a bus pass
Just cause you love the nigga?
But I'm the pimp motherfucker!
I gotta be the player!

Biggest hoes, on planet Earth
Are walking through the motherfucking neighborhood
You knew when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You knew he already had a family
But you fucked him anyway!
And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga
You went and got pregnant – didn't you bitch, didn't you!
The old keep a nigga baby
And then when the nigga ain't around, what do you tell the child?
"Aw that nigga ain't shit, that's why yo' daddy ain't here
Cause that nigga ain't shit."
How bout being a woman, and telling the kid the truth
That yo' momma, you was a ho!
Tell the kid!
Momma was a ho, I was weekend pussy
I had you to keep the nigga, it didn't work out
That's why he ain't here – but he a good nigga
Cause he take care of his real family
I was just a dumb bitch, trying to keep, a nigga that I wanted

// Some L.A. Niggaz //

Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West y'all)
Yeah, L.A. niggas
L.A. niggas rule the world nigga
Y'all niggas gotta recognize, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't wanna peep game, you know what I'm saying?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, dropping heat box on y'all bitch-ass
you know what I'm saying? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggas, connected all over the motherfucking world, nigga
Recognize this; peep game

Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd up from the feet up
Blue'd up from the shoe up's how I grew up
Loc'n, smoking and drinking 'til we threw up (until we threw up)
At Leimert Park, tagging, hitting fools up
Ditching my class, just to fuck your school up
You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck your tool up
But don't sleep, young niggas quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But time bomb much smoother when I maneuver, dope like Cuba
Got 'em jumping Disciples to the Hoover

I'm coming "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock with you
Picture this, Dr. Dre twisting with Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip, it's a time bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick
Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it
From sundown to sunup, clown and run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what?

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

Gimme that mic fool, it's a west-coast jack move
They call me Hitt 'cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my Macz Crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true
But I grew up where niggas jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your Turkish chain, C.K. B.K
Blue'd up or flame, I ran with a gang
I helped niggas get jacked for their Dana Danes
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killer Cali, AKs and 9s
One-time's, sun-shines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian Thai, drive-bys, six-fours on switches

I was raised in the hood called "What the dif"
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hating on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touching mine you catch a flat-line, dead on the floor
Better than yours, driving away getting head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fucking with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie
What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health
Like putting a pistol up to your face and blasting yourself

Five in the morning, burglars at my door
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let 'em come in BOW, he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggas, who buy fifths by the four
And brews by the case
Slap you in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with sedans and gold rings
Haters scope the style, but can't find no openings

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

In L.A
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride

// Pause 4 Porno (Skit) //

Ya'll ready to get nasty?

Yeah!
Shit! Yeah! Oh
Damn!
Oh, that pussy is good tho
Oh, shit!
It's good!
Oh! Oh!
Fuck, you hurting me bitch! Oh shit!
Oh! Oh, yeah you're the bitch, bitch!
(Fuck!)
Oh! Oh shit!
(You're hurting me!)
Damn!
(You're hurting me!)
Damn! (Oh!)
Damn!
You're making my pussy sore, bastard! Oh shit!
Oh, my nuts!
Aw, fuck me! Oh! Fuck
Oh shit yo' face! (Oh!) Oh, damn, damn, damn, oh
Shit, oh
Fucking in my eyes, bastard!
Shit! Oh oh damn!
Oh, shit I can't see! (Oh)
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
Fuck! Whore! Ah
Damn, that shit was good
Ah, oh shit
Oh, my god
Oh oh oh
Damn
Oh, that shit feels so good
Oh oh oh
Shit!
Oh, get the fuck up! Oh, get the fuck up now!
Oh you fucked the shit out of us!
Fucking big dick bastard! Oh shit! Aight
Oh shit! Aight, chill, chill, chill, give me five minutes, damn!
Well, get the fuck up!
Jake, hurry up, 'cause you know I gotta get home to my nigga 'cause you know
You know you gots to get some at home girl, ha ha ha
You know I'm loving that big
Ooh, shit!
Ha ha what? You got a problem?
Man, fuck your man, know what I'm saying? I'm Jake Steed. Bitch!
What?! Who you calling a bitch?
You! Bitch!

// Housewife //

Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doing it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (Wife)

I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she 'bout to trip
(Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty
You pimping strong, but coming home to sheets that be filthy
She on the dillzy, I take advantage
All up in them panties, I got this bitch speaking Spanish
I'm mannish, get yo' nails out my back
Slut, I'm 'bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat (Get the fuck out of here)
Learn the player rules, this is how a player do
Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosing shoes
Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it
Trying to leave her, beeper just exploded
She sweating me, won't let me, broad turned fraud
Now she on this dick, huh, got her turning tricks, huh
Man, it's a trip, I don't trip, I'm in yo' Lexus flexing
I left her up in Dallas, Texas, ass naked

Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doing it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (Wife)

Naw, "ho" ain't short for honey, almost had to wail her like Bunny
Telling tales of being pregnant, catching Nordstrom sales with abortion money
I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her
Now we got beef, he caught up in the ho's erotica
Exotic, she's psychotic, rocking his Nautica
Soon he'll need antibiotics (Sucker bitch)
Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody
You be like, "Damn, how could she hit me off with chlamydia?"
Fool, I pity ya
We live in the city of ballers
With more bounce and in a Zapp, she will doo wa ditty ya
The prettier the grittier, the wittier can get her
To the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like Rico
That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco
A high-post ho, a perfect way for me to keep dough
Huh, have her selling ass on Bronson Ave and Pico

At the hotel, motel, or the Holiday Inn (Say what, nigga?)
I said if that bitch keep fucking up (Bitch) then we'll fuck her friends
I said I dip, dive, what can I say?
Niggas need to stop fucking with O.J
Some niggas bang Blood, some niggas bang Crip
And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
I had a dream of hoes, I had to screen my hoes
I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes
Lil' Almond Joy, I truly enjoy
If you blew my balls right through my drawers
Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot
From the way she was blowing, I know she does it a lot
I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters
The ho started calling when I started boss balling
Gimme some head, gimme some ass (Uh-huh)
Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz
Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate
See hoes eat dick like eggs and steak
It ain't shit new, I thought you knew (What?)
I knew you would, you wish you could
Break a G down, break me down
But I'ma see you on the rebound (What what?), D.P. style

Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doing it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (Wife)

Half-dead
Lil' Half-dead the one who jumped out to see old Snoop Dogg on lookout boys
He's going to be more than half dead if he don't fill my motherfucking drink up
I'll fill your motherfucking mouth up
Ha ha ha ha ha
I don't think so

// Ackrite //

It's fucking ackrite
Question is – can I get some? Know what I'm saying?
Ack-rite, bitch
When I see you in the spot, you just act right, you know what I'm saying?
When I yank you by the fucking arm
Don't be looking at a nigga crazy
Just give up the digits and be the fuck out, you know what I'm saying?
Let me break it down for y'all

It was just one of those days
When I wanted to catch sun rays
It's fun to gitt blunted on a Sunday afternoon
Nigga Bathed and got groomed, grabbed the gat for misbehaviors
And the chocolate flavored boom, lost in hip-hop tunes
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
Wonder will we have drama or, end up clowning whores
Round up four good-to-go girls
Like them Barbary Coast girls, riding shotgun, baby
I be posting all-world in the ride
Sipping 151 done gave me too much pride to back down
Soon as we get to The Beach I'mma put my fucking mack down
I'm playing lead, not the background
It's time to put Bronson on the map now
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile
Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite
I'mma have to ack-wild

Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas don't fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite)
I'm the type of nigga player-haters don't like
Snatching up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(Aight? So give a nig' some ackrite, right)

Uh drink kicking in, I'm stimulated
For those that don't know big words: I'm fucking faded
Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot
Our first spot was cool till some gangsters made it hot
Now we plot and pose
Plus we watching hoes, with lots of flesh exposed
Getting swarmed by those type of niggas
With no game but brown-nose
So I impose only like pros can
"Yo, is this your man?" "No."
Grab the bitch's hand, "I'm Hittman."
Bling! Gold-chain gleam
"You're very eligible for my summer league team."
Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed
Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethren
I got mad, spit phlegm on the name
Stefan, tattooed on her arm
Ho you ain't the bomb, must be a dyke
Gitcho' lips swoll, or give a nig' some ackrite

Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas don't fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(And a give a nig' some ackrite)
I'm the type of nigga player-haters don't like
Snatching up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(So give a nig' some ackrite, right)

Fronting on the ack-rite, causing me to act up
Good Samaritans save that ho from getting slapped up
My homies crack up at the scene I made
Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade
If it wasn't for the one-time brigade
I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp
As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp
Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes
From fake macks? Aiyyo, chase them girls
In that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her
Neckbone, looking back at us
Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush
They blush, I bumrush the huss, with the largest crush
Try to swing an EP tonight so I don't have to keep in touch
Keep it on hush without the tipping
Macking interrupted by some niggas set-tripping
Clip in the strap, I showed these niggas how to act

// Bang Bang //

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)

Everyday it's the same thing, L.A. ain't changed
Niggas still player hating, but Dre ain't changed
I'm just a lot smarter now
Cause these niggas is banging ten times harder now
Niggas bringing they ass up in the wrong part of town
Better turn their car around
Rolling the window down (Hey can we talk it out?)
(Nah, get the fuck out!)
Johnny got a shotgun
And he ain't even strong enough to cock one
Fuck trying to job hunt
Niggas got AKs
Niggas is way crazier than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days
Niggas spray strays and shoot without looking
Niggas walk by and blast, without leaving a footprint
I think the attitudes are twice as worst
It takes half the time to get your whole life reversed
Always trying to play Rambo with they ammo
Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode

(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang!)

Late nights is full of lead that whistles as it goes by
Murder arrives, anytime
Bullets take flight when the four-five ignites
Some hearts skip a beat, some get blew out, and never re-light
With you in the site of youngsters with automatics
Busting on shit to lay everything down even tourists to non-affiliates
These days, gun play is official with green lights on every block
Though the sign tells you too it's not best to stop
On every corner, Cali niggas are dumping
You'll be shaking your soul loose from the box at the coroner's
Making death not so foreign to ya
Niggas got Rugers and M14s with enough ammo to leave
An armored truck Swiss cheese
I've learned to stay away from house parties
I've seen too many go and end up absent without leave
Ain't no warm welcomings
My eyes have witnessed the bend in on
Nights that don't sleep, and fireworks until dawn

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang!)

Now tell me, what the fuck is this man?
Niggas doing brothers in worse than the Klan
Can't even stand
In front of your building and chill without yielding
Twelve year old children that kill, blood spilling
Thugs be illing, unnecessary slugs filling the sky
Usually drilling the one that wasn't willing to die
Yes sir, in the Killing Field I got my life preserver
And I'll do my time for murder
These niggas got the nerve to question me
'Bout the colors that I got on?
I see that red dot on your knot
'Bout to get your whole crew shot on
A soldier of fortune, I'm the wrong man to plot on
Took him out on the spot before he even got on my hit list
Peep this
I cock back, you bow down
Bust round, bloody the ground
Retaliation sounds like this

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(Bang bang! Bang bang!)

// The Message //

This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P
A message to God

Since you finishing em early, what possessed you to start him?
We made a vow – later we'll regret 'til death do us part
Lord, I thought we was made for each other
You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other
Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was
I'll never last, cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doing when you made us, so with all due respect
You coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him
He can take the game with him, cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it?
I'm feeling like my whole world is blinded, wondering why
Crying, pouring out my heart, pouring out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers, something we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguing telling the truth
He had talent too – I had plans on watching him blow
Don't know what hurts more, seeing him leave, or watching him go

Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen

If you wan' know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (Cause I know my way around)
I'm just hustling everyday, running this race, making this paper

You's a soldier, you're probably packing heat up there
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm going through it with you
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
Cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial
Praying you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keeping a poker face
To straight breaking down and showing all emotions
I'm anxious to believing real Gs don't cry
If that's the truth, then I'm realizing I ain't no gangster
It's just not me, but you know I'mma always ride with you
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died with you

Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen (7469635)

If you wan' know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (Don't worry, don't worry)
I'm just hustling everyday, running this race, making this paper

Listen
If you don't know why I you gotta listen up right now
Listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen
Listen, listen, children, listen
I'm trying to tell you something good
Don't get caught up in the hood, yeah
If you don't know why
You gotta find out the reason why
Brother, brother

Oh, you're Doctor Dre. Ha-ha, are you a real doctor dude? I mean like, you know, can you prescribe some drugs for me man? Come on dude, I'll split whatever I get with ya, okay? Ha ha ha ha
Ah, the chronic

// Outro //

Oh, you're Doctor Dre
Ha-ha, are you a real doctor dude?
I mean like, you know, can you prescribe some drugs for me man?
Come on dude, I'll split whatever I get with ya, okay?
Hahahaha
Ah, the chronic

