Album: TheSwitchRoyaltyLive

// The Switch //

Eh eh eh Childish Gambino, ho
Eh eh eh Childish Gambino, ho

Sippin' on that Knob Creek, royalty is my peak
Got a nigga eatin' out yo pussy when your mom's asleep
Drinkin' mango lassi, can't nobody stop me
Give your boy a track and leave the body like Gadhafi
Cause ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man
Ain't nobody fuckin' like it's HIV, man
It's crazy how Memorial Drive is just that
Only liquor stores and porn survivin' the cutback, but hold up
Hold up, hold up, man my neighbor just shot himself
Bullet to the head and exit out the bottom left
I never holla back, bitches and all of that
I got my work until she comes and forms a dollar stack
When you counting the Ninja Turtles while these white guys get fraternal?
You ain't want no problems, we be on that B&B
The only nigga slinging 30 rocks - legally
Throw the verses on the track but ain't nobody seein' me?
I can't see, shout out to my nigga Ellison
It's been a year since I said "Too expensive"
The post office won't give my dad his pension
Your girls get mad when I pull out like extensions
Pete's still goin', Chi's still blowin'
My girl Polynesian you can say I got Samoan
It's a marriage - it's apparent that this is it
In a year I went from Will Farrell to Will Smith
And my turds terrified cause I killed this shit

// We Flexin' //

Let me see you fucking bounce with it
KAy, ay, ay
Ay (we flexin')
Ay (we flexin')
Ay (we flexin')
Here we go

[Verse 1:]
Nigga I'm tight like BVD
Nigga I'm sight like CDC
All my shit be classic, yours gets skipped like DVDs
This beat be droppin' acid, do we have to tell 'em so?
Keysha got me percocets I'm chillin' and it's hella dope
Tell 'em ho, I ain't Tebow, I don't pray for change
All I do is do it, I'm Nike, I'm drinking Gatorade
I got my hoodie so I gotta be a gangster
Why Geraldo Rivera look like a child molester?
Heh, we the I'll pandemic
Sick boy, nigga, yeah we royalty forever
All my G-O-O-Ns are well-spoken
One white guy, he's a classic token
Asses open, droppin' shit
Flashback, that's a hashtag
Man fuck down like a mersey
Smell these niggas like an armpit
I be in like David on my avid baby making hits
They be making white girls like 'Ye did Taylor Swift
Ain't that some shit, really though, Sealy Posturepedic ho
When she in my bed but haven't even seen a video?
Now shoot that, who's that?
Roll up on niggas like fruit snacks
You better walk big Gambino but you ain't got money
Motherfucker that's too bad
That's like - countin' fat stacks out in Harlem
That's like - fucking Kat Stacks with no condom
Stupid, everybody out here needs to cool it
Rap stepfather, no more hanging in the pool shit
Niggas that I'm cool with, they don't need to show me
That Gambino girls are royalty now nigga that's an army!
We like

[Hook:]
We flexin', we flexin'
We flexin', baby run it back!
Woo, woo! We flexin', we flexin' (Baby run it back!)

[Verse 2:]
Shrink monsters, where the fuck is gorgon?
Maria I want to be puttin' that thing on your daughter
Gambino brings the sushi, they doin' John Belushi
So stupid but they cutie so sue me if I get booty
That's Louis, Gucci or Prada, Bugatti bitches who holla
Wanna take Foxy out but I gotta be gettin' Donnas, like
"I'm an artist man." No y'all ain't!
Man fuck Photoshop, I'm in MS Paint!
Making circles with that circle thing, Gambino boy you murder it
Now I got this afro those cornrows were fuckin' hurting me
When you taking these girls up to Malibu
When the hot girl coming to a bug-a-boo?
I like my face when I'm under you
Screen Actors Guild with a "W, " swag

[Hook:]
We flexin', we flexin'
We flexin', baby run it back!
We flexin', we flexin'
We flexin', baby run it back!

// Make Em' Mad //

[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
Childish Gambino you will get in with a wristband he know
People took an hour just to stand outside in line
I knew that you would do it, and I reckon you lookin' fine
These bitches better be mine, I'm horny all the time
Gambino be the one who put a hump up in your spine
Drink a little wine, do a little dance
Now I'm goin' home, now I'm in your pants
Forget that, I ain't take the condom off
New swag ever since I'm bustin' off
I get head like a bottle of Tylenol
You like girls when you know you can buy them all
A fireball, I'm hot as fuck, I bust a nut with tons of sluts
Go ahead shake your thing baby, look hot
Why the girls doin' me? I mean why not?
I mean why not?

[Hook:]
Tell her, some bullshit on my whip I'm 'bout to take it back
When I switch it up I pull up in the newest jag
Any time we in I hit the strip and do it bad
Y'all nigga's hatin' us I know we make 'em mad
It make 'em mad it make 'em mad it make 'em mad
When we put on the swag
It make 'em mad when we put on the swag

[Verse 2: Steve G. Lover]
Ay, Childish let me get em'
They ain't in our league, so they can't hang with em'
Strip club, and the squad came with em'
Two girls in the home, and they fresh outta prison
Say words if you get it
We only give a damn if a check came with it
Two blunts and that old dude who lives it
I got bitches in the pan who I don't even visit
You came in the carpet
You get a lot of pussy when it ain't do the star
A girl in LA and I don't know her name
But she get pissed off when she talking insane
Paper man people guns with the thang'
I was a little broke but it started to change
Drop a couple songs, and that's all of the bang
Cause I ridin' on the track like I'm part of a train
My girl southside when I hit the booth
I drink roc' roc' straight fuck the juice
A big bro throw bread like fuck the loot
I'm back bitch, I'm back Prince
I'm back shit, my home boy pissed off
I put my hands on that ass, cause that shit soft
Two guns it'll burn off
When you stunt like Stevie, it'll turn off

[Hook]

