// Money Cannot Make The Man //

So long I've been trying to give you the things that you've wanted
But your thirst for riches is more than my pockets can stand
And I know that you're dreaming of things you could have with another
'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.

You like to be seen in the richest and finest of places
You're always embarrassed by the callouses here on my hands
And I know that it's only a matter of time till you leave me
'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.

You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for
But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand
That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you
For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.

[Instrumental]

You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for
But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand
That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you
For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.

A man can make money but money cannot make the man...

// Young Widow Brown //

That Jimmy Brown died at just 25
And they lowered him under the ground
Right at his head was a mark that had read
I leave the world young widow Brown.

He left her for me now it's plain to see
Just why old Jim ain't around
I know that I've tried but the man ain't alive
That can keep up with young widow Brown.

That woman she's crazy if she thinks
That I'll just keep on a hanging around
I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing
That one thing is young widow Brown.

[Instrumental]

In her high steppin' style she's a goin' hog wild
This night life is a whoopin' me down
But if I lose a place then I'm out of the race
For kisses from young widow Brown.

I must be gettin' old my walk's gettin' slow
Just barely can make it around
I work night and day spend all of my pay
On pretties for young widow Brown.

That woman she's crazy if she thinks
That I'll just keep on a hanging around
I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing
That one thing is young widow Brown...

// You've Got To Hide Your Love Away //

Here I stand hand in hand
Turning my face to the wall
If she's gone I can't go on
With no love at all.

Everywhere people stare
Each and every day
I can see them laugh at me
I can hear them say.

You've got to hide your love away.
You've got to hide your love away.

How can I even try, I can never win
Hearin' them, seein' them in the state I'm in
How could she say to me love will find a way
Gather round all you clowns let me hear you say.

You've got to hide your love away.
You've got to hide your love away...

// Love Of The Common People //

Livin' on free food, tickets
Water in the milk from the hole in the roof
Where the rain came through
What can you do? hmm

Tears from little sister cryin'
'Cause she doesn't have a dress without a patch
For the party to go
Oh, but you know she'll get by.

She is livin' in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.

It's a good thing you don't have the bus fare
It would fall through the hole in your pocket
And you'd lose it in the snow on the ground
A walking to town to find a job.

Trying to keep your hands warm
But the hole in your shoe let the snow come through
And it chills to the bone, boy
You'd better go home where it's warm.

Where you can live in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.

Livin' on dreams ain't easy
But the closer the knit the tighter the fit
And the chills stay away
You take 'em in stride family pride.

You know that faith is your foundation 
And with a whole lotta love and a warm conversation
And plenty of prayer
Making you strong where you belong.

Where you can live in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can...

// I Tremble For You //

This world that I live in is empty and cold
The loneliness cuts me and tortures my soul
I'm no child of destiny and no fortune's son
I've just chased you so long now I'm too weak to run.

A new day is here but nothing is new
Alone in my room I tremble for you.

[Instrumental]

I know I'll return to the backstreets again
To find what I need to prove I'm a man
And there I'll treat shame like an old friend from home
That I can lean on till my mis'ry is gone.

A new day is here and nothing is new
I'm a picture of weakness as I tremble for you...

// Destiny's Child //

Surely you know by now my heart is wild
I don't wanna be tied down it ain't my style
Don't you think I know very well this kind of attitude is selfish 
Well, I can't help it I'm destiny's child.

I couldn't began to tell you if I tried
It meant so much to love you for a little while
Try to remember all of the good love
I wish you understood love.

I ain't no good love I'm destiny's child
Destiny's child, destiny's child.

[Instrumental]

I gotta be on my way, now please don't cry
Gotta be somewhere else I don't know why
Keep thinkin' of all I'm losin' I know your lips're soothin'
I gotta be movin' I'm destiny's child.

I must wish you well and say goodbye
I wish you moons and stars and sunny skies
You gave me so much to believe in
My life has a little more meanin'.

Still I'm leavin' I'm destiny's child
Destiny's child, destiny's child...

// Ruby, Don't Take Your Love To Town //

You've painted up your lips and rolled and curled your tinted hair
Ruby, are you contemplating going out somewhere
The shadows on the wall tell me the sun is going down
Oh, Ruby don't take your love to town.

It wasn't me that started that old crazy Asian war
But I was proud to go and do my patriotic chores
I know Ruby, that I'm not the man I used to be
But Ruby, I still need your company.

[Instrumental]

It's hard to love a man whose legs are bent and paralized
And the wants and the needs of a woman your age Ruby I realize
But I've heard them say it won't be long until I'm not around
Oh Ruby, don't take your love to town.

She's leaving now for I just heard the slammin' of the door
The way I know I've heard it slam a hundred times before
If I could move I'd get my gun and put her in the ground
Oh Ruby, don't take your love to town...

// The Road //

Back home the family's eatin' dinner
There's a fire in the fireside warm and bright
But I won't be there today 'cause I've got a debt to pay
And they don't let black sheep stray from the road.
No they don't let black sheep stray from the road.

My throat is out crying for water
Lord, that wind is blowing cold
That guard is watching me like a hawk up in the tree
And I'm longing to be free from the road
Yes, I'm longing to be free from the road.

Every bone inside my body's aching
And that guard don't care if I live or die
He told me yesterday son don't try to get away
For I'll lay you down to stay by the road
Yes, I'll lay you down to stay by the road...

// If The Shoe Fits //

My friends all say that you're deceiving me
And things are going on that I don't see
I pay them no mind I love you so
And if you're guilty then I just don't want to know.

But if the shoe fits then wear it
If your mind hurts then bear it
It's your conscience to live with every day every night
If you find it hard sleeping
If you just lie there weeping
If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.

[Instrumental]

If you do wrong then it's your bill to pay
It's you there in that mirror every day
I love you and I plan to from now on
I just can't believe you do your daddy wrong.

But if the shoe fits then wear it
If your mind hurts then bear it
It's your conscience to live with every day every night
If you find it hard sleeping
If you just lie there weeping
If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right.

If the truth hurts then the shoe fits just right...

// Don't Waste Your Time //

(Don't look for me I must go.)
(Don't waste your time I must go.)

Don't look for me, don't waste your time
I'll find another that's more my kind
I'll find my happiness on further down the line
Don't look for me, don't waste your time.
(I must go, I must go.)

It's over now, I must be on my way
There's nothing here for me so I can't stay
You tried to be what I wanted you to be
It's over now, you're not the one for me.

Don't look for me, don't waste your time
I'll find another that's more my kind
I'll find my happiness on further down the line
Don't look for me, don't waste your time.
(I must go, I must go.)

Love me once more and then forget my name
For when I go I won't be back again
The sun will set, I'll stay with you till dawn
Then I must go, I linger much too long.

Don't look for me, don't waste your time
I'll find another that's more my kind
I'll find my happiness on further down the line
Don't look for me, don't waste your time.
(I must go, I must go.)

Don't look for me, don't waste your time
I'll find another that's more my kind
I'll find my happiness on further down the line
Don't look for me, don't waste your time.
(I must go, I must go.)..

// Taos, New Mexico //

To Taos pueblo out in New Mexico.
One night my weary feet did go
So I stopped that night in Taos.

There's a story in Taos town
That if a stranger comes around.
When a fresh snow is on the ground
A new love will be born in Taos.

That night there came a snow
In the mountains and the valleys below
And I found a love that's true I know
In Taos, New Mexico.

[Instrumental]

That night in Taos town
It seemed love was all around
And the pretty little girl I found
A new love was born in Taos.

From the first time we met
I knew her love would always be true
And I know I'll always love her too
The love that I found in Taos.

Some night if it should snow
There's a place you really ought to go
There's a legend that it's true
I know in Taos, New Mexico...

// Two Streaks Of Steel //

Two streaks of steel stretchin' cross the land
Too far to reach for my baby's hand
I stood and watched her disappear
And in the distance I could hear. whooe

Tomorrow I'll see coming down the track
That same old train that she ain't coming back
For her sweet love that once was mine
Faded just like a whistle's whine. whooe

Two streaks of steel I've been standing beside
Where all that mattered in my life just died
I want to lay across those tracks when that train
Crossed those two streaks steel once again.

Two streaks of steel took my love away
No reason now for me to wanna stay
Next time I'll hear that whistle moan
That all my troubles will be gone. whooe, whooe...

