Album: LightsCameraRevolution

// Lost Again //

Lost it! I'm caught in a rage
Like an animal locked in a cage
Now I look into the barrel of a gauge - doom!
Made me into a fool
Experimented on me like an animal
Turned me into a common criminal - criminal!
I lost it, but I gotta get with it
Motherfucker, now you're gonna get it
I ain't one that'll sit and forget it

I got into a war I can never win
Where the nightmare never ends
And I don't know what I'm saying
Got into a war with reality
That motherfucker it was waiting for me
And I lost again!
I lost again!

Took my dreams, ya left them there shattered
Took my hopes, ya dug in them and they splattered
Took my mind like it didn't even matter
Entered a world that I didn't belong
Thought I could take it but I stayed too long
Thought I could handle it, boy was I wrong!

Fighting a war I can never win
Where the nightmare never ends
And I'm not into playing
Got into a war with reality
That motherfucker it was waiting for me
And I lost again!

Lost it! Lost again!
Lost it! Lost again!
Lost it! Lost again!
I lost it!

I went to war with reality
That motherfucker he was waiting for me
I never thought that this could happen to me - damn!
Down so low that I can't no higher
When I was burning you put wood on the fire
You ain't nothing but a goddamn liar - liar!
Took all my strength now I tremble and drop
You got to be down to go over the top
Oh, god can't you make the laughter stop?

Died in a war I could never win
Where the nightmare never ever ends
And I lost again
Got into a war with reality
That motherfucker it was waiting for me
And I lost again!

Liar, killer! Lost again!
I lost!
Murder, killer! Hell I lost again!
No! No!
Cleanse me from your evil
You broke your promises!
What did I do to deserve this?

No one to save me from it!
Oh, lord please have mercy
And now I've come to see it
Something's gone wrong with me
I guess I got lost in reality
Hell I lost again!
Sure ain't easy, hell I lost again!

// Alone //

I scream at the sky, it's easier than crying
I'm shyish when I'm shouting out loud
I feel so alone in a room full of people
I'm loudist when I'm in a crowd
I'm alone, and nobody hears me
Can't nobody heal me, won't somebody help me
I'm alone, I just need
Someone to take my hand and pick me up when I'm feeling down
Someone to take my heart and give it a home
Someone to be with me and help me through the times when I'm
down and lonely
Someone to be with me when I'm alone
I'm alone, all alone
Alone is the way I live, it's not the way I want it but you
know
You can't give in, alone is the way I feel, it's so hard to
understand
Why I've got to be alone

If you look in my heart you'd see it
I'm trying to be something better
If you look in my heart you'd feel it
I've got to keep moving on
If you look in my heart you'd know it
I'm just trying to make my world better
If you look in my heart you'd see it
I got to do it alone

I've been down, I've been down
I've been down, down, down so low
I've been lost, so lost with no place left to go
I've had emotions, emotions that you better hope you never
know
Sometimes it feels like I just can't take no more

If you look in my heart you'd see it
I'm trying to be something better
If you look in my heart you'd feel it
I've got to keep moving on
If you look in my heart you'd know it
I'm just trying to make my world better
If you look in my heart you'd see it
I got to do it alone

Seems like things just keep getting further out of hand
Why can't for once things just go as I plan
How dare you, how dare you tell me that you understand
Let me tell you straight out, there ain't nobody here that can
I'm all alone, I'm so alone, to be alone, just leave me alone

If you look in my heart you'll see it
If you look in my heart you'd feel it
If you look in my heart you'd know it
I'm not trying to make no one bitter
I'm just alone, leave me alone, alone alone, now leave me

I've lived in places that you wouldn't never ever want to be
Places where for a minute you couldn't ever stand to be
I've seen things, I've seen things you'd never want to see
SO what gives, what gives you the right to be the judge of me
I'm all alone, I'm so alone, to be alone, just leave me alone

A room full of people, can't nobody help me, I'm alone
I just need someone to take my hand and pick me up when I'm
Feeling down, when I'm down
Someone to take my heart and give it a home, when I'm down
Someone to be with me and help me through the times
I'm down and lonely, when I'm down
Someone to be with me when I'm alone
I'm alone, all alone
Alone is the way I live, it's not the way I want it but I
Know I can't give in
Alone is the way I feel, there ain't nothing quite as sad as
A person that's alone

// Give It Revolution //

Throughout all time and history
The world's been mauled tyranny
Now we're refusing to take it
The worst evil the world has saw
Were crimes defended by the "law"
Deny our rights and we'll break it
You got to break the chains that hold you down
Crush the tyrants to the ground
Freedom cannot be legislated
We'll bow down to no other one
The Father and His Son
They can't deny what he's created
Most wars never should have been thought
But this is a war that must be fought
We'll take a wrong and we'll right it
The greatest weapon of the fascist
Is the tolerance of the pacifist
We've got to stand up and fight it
We'll give it

You got to give it revolution, give it revolution
We're gonna give it revolution, give it revolution
You got to give it revolution, give it revolution
We're gonna give it revolution

Well you can put a bullet in my head
But you can't kill a word I've said
You got the disease, I got the solution
No matter how much or more you try,
you can never ever make this martyr die
I give it revolution
Revolution!
You could put a bullet in my head
But you can't kill a word I've said
Give it revolution
No matter how or what you try
You can never ever make a martyr die
Give it revolution
Revolution

// Get Whacked //

I'm tired of always doing as I'm told
Your shit is starting to grow really old
I'm sick of dealing with all your crap
You pushed me too hard now you'll watch me snap

Whack, whack - what's wrong with your head?
I can't believe a fuckin' word you've said
Whack, whack - what are you dead?
Permanently done, gone to bed
Whack, whack - out of your mind
I think you'll like it if you try it some time
Whack, whack - if you look you'll find
I'm whacked, I'm whacked, I'm whacked - get whacked
I'm whacked, you're whacked
Let's go it's whack time

Get whacked - gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme some whack time
Get whacked - all I need, I need, I need, I need is some whack
time
Get whacked - get whacked

Ain't nobody gonna tell me what to do
I'm gonna save my best whack for you
Bust out hard in a brand new way
Now every second is a psycho day

I'm whacked - and I don't care no more
I'm whacked - right down to the core
I'm whacked - like never before
I'm whacked, I'm whacked, I'm whacked, I'm whacked
Get whacked, won't you follow me
Get whacked, what fun it'll be
Get whacked, and do it naturally
Get whacked, get whacked, get whacked, get whacked
It's whack time!
Whack time - get whacked
Whack time - get whacked, get whacked, get whacked
Whack time
Get whacked, get whacked, get whacked
It's whack time!
Get whacked - I'm whacked, you're whacked, let's go it's whack
time
Get whacked - gimmee, gimmee, gimmee, gimmee, gimmee some
whack time
Get whacked - all I need, I need, I need, I need is some whack
time
Get whacked - get whacked

You don't want none you got that right
When I get whacked it's not a pretty sight
One-quarter scottish, three-quarter insane
Ay, think I've gone a little flat in the brain
Whack, whack - what you got in your head
Another word, another lie that you've said

Whack, whack - your mind is dead
Permanently done, gone to bed
Whack, whack - what do you know?
This ain't no script, this ain't no picture show
Whack, whack - up away and go
Get whacked!
It's whack time - get whacked!

Won't you see me later you'll see me right now
If you think I'm crazy I'll show you just how
I know what's scaring you the most about me
This mo-fo be getting whacked naturally

Get whacked

// Emotion No. 13 //

I wish so hard that I could be just like the
...one you want me to
But it doesn't seem to work though I'm trying.
I try so hard to do what's right, to be so good,
...to make you proud, but it never seems to satisfy you.
It's just the person that you want,...it's not the person that
I am.
The conflict inside's horrifying.
I want so much for you to think of me as a person
...that deserves your respect & attention.
I wonder if I'll ever do the things you want...(the way you want)
When I don't even know what I want yet.
It's not that I'm rebelling against the person you are
It's just that I don't know who I am.
All I know is it hurts, oh how it hurts
Oh God, do you know how I'm hurting?
There's an emotion in me.  There's an emotion in me
Emotion No. 13

Look into my eyes, you'll see I'm not lying.
Emotion No. 13 easy cryin'
Don't ask me how I know, but I'm dying

Emotion No. 13 blows my mind away
Emotion No. 13, it blows me away

Look into my eyes, you'll see I'm not...
Emotion No. 13, says I'm...
Don't ask me how I know, but I think I'm...
Don't ask me how I know, but I think I'm dying,...dying, dy-ing, dying

All I know is it hurts, oh how it hurts
Oh God do you know how I'm hurting?
There's an emotion in me, there's an emotion in me
Emotion No. 13

Look into my eyes, you'll see I'm not lying
Emotion No. 13, feels like I'm dying

// Disco's Out, Murder's In //

Extra, extra, read all about it!
News flash, read all about it!
Here comes another scam and don't you doubt it
May make you laugh, but it ain't funny
I can't believe the things they do for money
Another show that needs to get rated
Just gotta a little bit more hatred
We interrupt this program to tell you
Disco's out, Murder's in
Kill it!

Goody, goody, another commotion
One more time, in slow motion
The mountain wont come to Mohammad
Let's keep our fingers crossed and maybe we'll bomb it
La da de da da de de da da
All kind of la de fuckin' das
Disco's out, Murder's in

If you wanna go far, we'll make you a star
Not looking for filler, just a serial killer!
It's got to be violent to make it a highlight
If we show it enough
Well, everyone will think it's alright

Disco's out, Murder's in
Kill it! Kill it!

// Go'n Breakdown //

Quieres chigaso, conmigo, tu lo tienes
Por vida y por muerte holmes!
Breakdown a motherfuckin' breakdown
Breakdown ain't that a bitch!
If you like magic, here's a trick
Snap my finger, now I'm a lunatic
Ain't no threat straight out fact go head up you'll get jac-ked!
Went to school at u. of hell, favorite course was kill and tell
Gratuated head of class, majored in kickin' ass
Did hard time to get my master, wrote the book on personal disaster
I don't need to phd to be a doctor of fuckin' misery
Psycho's insane, they say I lost my brain, but I gave it away
If my mind's gone bad don't go off feeling sad cause I chose it that way
Cause it's a breakdown, I'm go'n breakdown, I'm gonna break
Ain't no you can do
Cause it's a breakdown, a motherfuckin' breakdown, gonna
Break you in fuckin' two
What you got, come and show me
Think I won't, you don't know me
Live or die, it's all the same, life or death, it's just a game
Make you an offer you can't refuse, pull out the gat, sorry you lose
Put a disclaimer on the crypt, sorry holmes, finger slipped
I broke a main now it's headed for my brain and my mind goes
Thumpty thump thump
Pinned shot eyes, don't come as no surprise it ain't no dance
The bump and the dump
Cause it's a breakdown, I'm go'n breakdown, I'm gonna break
Ain't no you can do
Cause it's a breakdown, a motherfuckin' breakdown, who said that
Nightmares don't come true?
Breakdown, breakdown, breakdown
Stick out your head I'll stick out my finger
Kick you in the balls now you're a soprano singer
Rush to my head, whacked and hyper
Now it's time to pay the piper, time to pay the piper
Thought you were smart, now you're lying in a cart, you ain't
Resting six feet below
Your reservation ain't got no hesitations you don't need to
Pack no bag where you go
Breakdown, I'm gonna breakdown, I'm gonna break ain't no you can do
Cause it's a breakdown, a motherfuckin' breakdown, I'm gonna
Break you in fuckin' two
Cruise the streets on a hustle, show 'em what's up, flex the muscle
Whacked-out mind on a roll, leaving behind a violent toll
Don't take no chemist to understand the equation ak47, a litt-le persuasion
Your fear is like a compliment, now you're the production of my environment
Don't flap no lip, don't shoot that crap
Timebomb for brain don't know when I snap
Breakdown
My strategy I do a psycho attack, you know my set I'm a maniac
Breakdown
Do as they say when in rome, blast the sucka then get home
Breakdown
Concussion to the skull, jugular severed chalk it up another
187
Breakdown
Breakdown, breakdown, breakdown, breakdown
Jack be nimble, jack be quick
Fuck you jack, I be a lunatic

