Album: StandardSongsForAveragePeople

// Blue Eyed Elaine //

Side by side we'll roll along, sweetheart you and I
And to you I'll sing this song as the years go passing by
I may be good or I may be bad but you never frown
I couldn't find a sweeter pal if I'd searched the whole world around

Blue eyed Elaine you're the sweetest thing and I love you so
And you'll always be the same no matter where we go
We'll travel here we'll travel there and we'll never part
You'll always be my blue eyed Elaine and I'll be your sweetheart

[Guitar instrumental]

When skies are grey and things go wrong we'll never fret nor sigh
But we'll just keep traveling on with our heads held up high
And when I gaze into your eyes your heart and soul are plain
And you know the reason why I love you blue eyed Elaine

Blue eyed Elaine you're the sweetest thing and I love you so
And you'll always be the same no matter where we go
We'll travel here we'll travel there and we'll never part
You'll always be my blue eyed Elaine and I'll be your sweetheart

// Don't Be Ashamed Of Your Age //

Don't be ashamed of your age.
Don't let the years get you down.
That old gang you knew, they still think of you
As a rounder in your old hometown.

Don't mind the grey in your hair.
Just think of all the fun you've had puttin' it there.
As for that old book of time, you've never skipped a page.
So don't be ashamed of your age, brother.
Don't be ashamed of your age.

Listen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brown,
Don't let your age get you down.
Life ain't begun until you're 40, son.
That's when you really start to go to town.

Don't wish that you were a lad.
Why, boy, you've lost more gals than they've ever had.
And, listen, you've graduated from that ol' sucker stage,
So don't be ashamed of your age, brother.
Don't be ashamed of your age.

// I Forgot To Remember To Forget //

I forgot to remember to forget her, I can't seem to get her off my mind.
I thought I'd never miss her,
But I've found out somehow I think about her almost all the time.

Well the day she went away I made myself a promise
That I'd soon forget we'd ever met.
But something sure is wrong,'cos I'm so blue and lonely:
I forgot to remember to forget.

Well the day she went away I made myself a promise
That I'd soon forget we'd ever met.
But something sure is wrong'cos I'm so blue and lonely:
I forgot to remember to forget.

// I Love You Because //

I love you because you understand, dear
Every single thing I try to do
You're always there to lend a helping hand, dear
I love you most of all because you're you.

No matter what the world may say about me
I know your love will always see me through

I love you for the way you never doubt me.
But, most of all I love you 'cause you're you.

(I love you because the future's brighter)
(The door to happiness shall open wide)

No matter what the world may say about me
I know your love will always see me through
I love you for a hundred thousand reasons,
But, most of all I love you 'cause you're you.

// Pistol Packin' Mama //

Lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down.
Oh, drinkin beer in a cabaret
Was I havin fun!
Until one night she caught me right
And now I'm on the run.

Oh, lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down.
Oh, I'll sing you every night Bing and I'll woo you every day.
I'll be your regular mama and I'll put that gun away.

Oh, lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama
Lay that thing down before it goes off and hurts somebody!
Oh, she kicked out my windshield and she hit me over the head.
She cussed and cried and said I lied and she wished that I was dead.

Oh, lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down.
We're 3 tough gals from deep down Texas way.
We got no pals, they don't like the way we play.
We're a rough rootin tootin shootin trio
But you ought to see my sister Cleo
She's a terror make no error
But there ain't no nicer terror
Here's what we tell her:

Lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down
Pappy made a batch of corn, The revenuers came.
The draugh was slow, so now they know you can't do that to Mame.

Lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down
Oh, singing songs in a cabaret - Was I havin fun!
Until one night it didn't seem right, and now I'm on the run.

Oh, lay that pistol down, Babe. Lay that pistol down.
Pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down.

Oh, pistol packin mama - Lay that pistol down.

// Saginaw Michigan //

I was born in Saginaw Michigan I grew up in a house on Saginaw bay
My dad was a poor hard working Saginaw fisherman
Too many times he came home with too little pay
I loved a girl in Saginaw Michigan the daughter of a wealthy wealthy man
But he called me that son of a Saginaw fisherman
And not good enough to claim his daughter's hand
Now I'm up here in Alaska looking around for gold
Like a crazy fool I'm a digging in this frozen ground so cold
But with each new day I pray I'll strike it rich and then
I'll go back home and claim my love in Saginaw Michigan

I wrote my love in Saginaw Michigan
I said honey I'm a coming home please wait for me
And you can tell your dad I'm coming home a richer man
I've hit the biggest strike in Klondyke history
Her dad met me in Saginaw Michigan he gave me a great big party with champagne
Then he said son you're wise young ambitious man
Will you sell your father-in-law your Klondyke claim
Now he's up there in Alaska digging in the cold cold ground
The greedy fool is a looking for the gold I never found
It serves him right and no one here is missing him
Least of all the newly weds of Saginaw Michigan
We're the happiest man and wife in Saginaw Michigan
He's ashamed to show his face in Saginaw Michigan

// Old Dogs, Children And Watermelon Wine //

Old Dogs and Children and Watermelon Wine
"How old do you think I am," he said?
I said, well, I didn't know.
He said, "I turned 65 about 11 months ago."

I was sittin' in Miami, pouring blended whiskey down
When this old gray, black gentleman was cleaning up the lounge.

There wasn't anyone around, except this old man and me.
The guy who ran the bar was watching Ironside on TV.
Uninvited, he sat down and opened up his mind
On old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

"Ever had a drink of watermelon wine," he asked.
He told me all about it, though I didn't answer back.
"Ain't but three things in this world that's worth a solitary dime,
But old dogs and children and watermelon wine."

He said, "Women think about themselves, when men-folk ain't around.
And friends are hard to find when they discover that you're down."
He said, "I tried it all when I was young and in my natural prime,
Now it's old dogs and children and watermelon wine."

"Old dogs care about you even when you make mistakes.
God bless little children while they're still to young to hate."
When he moved away I found my pen and copied down that line
About old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

I had to catch a plane up to Atlanta that next day.
As I left for my room I saw him picking up my change.
That night I dreamed in peaceful sleep of shady summertime,
Of old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

// Old Cape Cod //

How old do you think I am? he said.
I said, well, I didnt know.
He said, I turned 65 about 11 months ago.

I was sittin in miami pourin blended whiskey down
When this old gray black gentleman was cleanin up the lounge

There wasnt anyone around cept this old man and me
The guy who ran the bar was watchin ironsides on tv
Uninvited, he sat down and opened up his mind
On old dogs and children and watermelon wine

Ever had a drink of watermelon wine? he asked
He told me all about it, though I didnt answer back
Aint but three things in this world thats worth a solitary dime,
But old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

He said, women think about they-selves, when menfolk aint around.
And friends are hard to find when they discover that youre down.
He said, I tried it all when I was young and in my natural prime;
Now its old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

Old dogs care about you even when you make mistakes;
God bless little children while theyre still too young to hate.
When he moved away I found my pen and copied down that line
Bout old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

I had to catch a plane up to atlanta that next day
As I left for my room I saw him pickin up my change
That night I dreamed in peaceful sleep of shady summertime
Of old dogs and children and watermelon wine.

// Death Of Floyd Collins //

Oh, come all ye young people and listen while I tell,
The fate of Floyd Collins, the lad we all knew well,
His face was fair and handsome, his heart was true and brave,
His body now lies sleeping in a lonely sandstone cave.
Oh , mother don't you worry, dear father don't' be sad,
I'll tell you all my troubles in an awful dream I had,
I dreamed I was a prisoner, my life I could not save,
I cried "Oh must I perish within this silent cave.

The rescue party labored, they worked both night and day,
To move the mighty barrier that stood within their way,
To rescue Floyd Collins, it was their battle cry,
"We'll never, no we'll never, let Floyd Collins die."

But on that fateful morning, the sun rose in the sky,
The workers still were busy, "we'll save him by and by,"
But oh how sad the ending, his life could not be saved,
His body was then sleeping in the lonely sandstone cave.

Young people, all take warning from Floyd Collin's fate,
And get right with your maker before it is too late.

It may not be a Sand Cave in which we find our tomb,
But on that day of judgment, we too must meet our doom.

// The Blue Side Of Lonesome //

I'm Calling To Tell You It's Over
Yes Darling You're Now Free To Go
You're Saying You're Sorry You Hurt Me
But You Hurt Me Much More Than You Know
You're Asking Me Where This Call Comes From
Oh I Hope That You Won't End Up Here
If Your New Romance Turns Out A Failure
Here's Where To Find Me My Dear

[Chorus:]
I'm Just On The Blue Side Of Lonesome
Right Next To The Heartbreak Ho-tel
In A Tavern That's Known As Three Tear Drops
On A Bar Stool Not Doin' So Well

The Floor Has A Carpet Of Sorrow
But No One Can Weep In The Aisle
And They Say Someone Broke The Bar Mirror
With Only The Ghost Of A Smile
The Hands On The Clock Never Alter
For Things Never Change In This Place
There's No Present, No Past, No Future
We're The Ones Who Have Lost In Loves Race

[Chorus]

// In The Garden //

I come to the garden alone
While the dew is still on the roses
And the voice I hear, falling on my ear
The Son of God discloses

And He walks with me
And He talks with me
And He tells me I am His own
And the joy we share as we tarry there
None other has ever known

He speaks and the sound of His voice
Is so sweet the birds hush their singing
And the melody that He gave to me
Within my heart is ringing

And He walks with me
And He talks with me
And He tells me I am His own
And the joy we share as we tarry there
None other has ever known

I'd stay in the garden with Him
'Tho the night around me be falling
But He bids me go; through the voice of woe
His voice to me is calling

And He walks with me
And He talks with me
And He tells me I am His own
And the joy we share as we tarry there
None other has ever known

// Just The Other Side Of Nowhere //

I've come from just the other side of no-where,
To this big time lonesome town.
They got a lotta ice an' snow here,
Half as cold as all the people I've found.
Every way I try to go here,
Seems to bring me down.
I seen about enough to know where I belong.

I've got a mind to see the headlights shinin',
On that old white line between my heart and home.
Sick of spendin' Sundays, wishin' they were Mondays,
Sittin' in a park alone.
So give my best to anyone who's left who ever done me,
Any lovin' way but wrong,
Tell them that the pride of just the other side of nowhere's goin' home.

Takin' nothing back to show there,
For these dues I have paid,
But the soul I almost sold here,
And the body I've been givin' away.
Fadin' from the neon nightime glow here,
Headin' for the light of day.
Just the other side of nowhere, goin' home.

I've got a mind to see the headlights shinin',
On that old white line between my heart and home.
Sick of spendin' Sundays, wishin' they were Mondays,
Sittin' in a park alone.
So give my best to anyone who's left who ever done me,
Any lovin' way but wrong,
Tell 'em that the pride of just the other side of nowhere's goin' home.

Takin' nothing back to show there,
For these dues I have paid,
But the soul I almost sold here,
And the body I've been givin away.
Fadin' from the neon nightime glow here,
Headin' for the light of day.
Just the other side of nowhere, goin' home.

Just the other side of no-where, goin' home.

// Old Rugged Cross //

On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross,
The emblem of suffering and shame;
And I love that old cross where the dearest and best
For a world of lost sinners was slain.

So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

O that old rugged cross, so despised by the world,
Has a wondrous attraction for me;
For the dear Lamb of God left His glory above
To bear it to dark Calvary.

So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

In that old rugged cross, stained with blood so divine,
A wondrous beauty I see,
For 'twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died,
To pardon and sanctify me.

So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

To the old rugged cross I will ever be true;
Its shame and reproach gladly bear;
Then He'll call me some day to my home far away,
Where His glory forever I'll share.

So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

// Where The Blue Of The Night //

Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me

And the gold of her hair
Crowns the blue of her eyes
Like a halo, tenderly
If only I could see her
Oh how happy I would be

Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me

Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me

