Album: Confrontation

// Chant Down Babylon //

Come we go burn down Babylon one more time
(Come we go burn down Babylon one more time)
Come we go chant down Babylon one more time
(Come we go chant down Babylon)
For them soft! Yes, them soft! (ah-yoy!)
Them soft! Yes, them soft! (ah-yoy!)
So come we go chant down Babylon one more time
(Come we go chant down Babylon)!

Men see their dreams and aspiration-a
Crumble in front of their face
And all of their wicked intention
To destroy the human race

And how I know - and how I know - and that's how I know:
A Reggae Music, make we chant down Babylon
With music, make we chant down Babylon
This music, make we chant down Babylon
This music, come we chant down Babylon

Come we go chant down Babylon one more time
(Come we go chant down Babylon one more time)
Come we go chant down Babylon one more time
(Come we go chant down Babylon)
For them soft! Yes, them soft! (ah-yoy!)
Them soft! Me say, Them soft! (ah-yoy!)
So come we go chant down Babylon one more time
(Come we go chant down Babylon)!

Me say, Music you're - music you're the key
Talk to who? Please talk to me
Bring the voice of - of the Rastaman
Communicating to - 'cating to everyone

How I (know) - how I know, how I (know) - how I know -
And that's how I know:
A Reggae Music, chant down - chant down - chant down Babylon
Chant down Babylon, chant down Babylon
Chant down Babylon!
Reggae Music, chant down Babylon!
Reggae Music, chant down Babylon!
Reggae Music, chant down Babylon!
Reggae Music! (chant down Babylon)

// Buffalo Soldier //

Buffalo soldier, dreadlocked rasta
There was a Buffalo Soldier in the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival

I mean it, when I analyse the stench
To me it makes a lot of sense
How the dreadlocked rasta was a Buffalo Soldier

And he was taken from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Said it was a Buffalo Soldier, dreadlocked rasta
Buffalo Soldier in the heart of America

If you know your history
Then you would know where you're coming from
Then you wouldn't have to ask me
Who the heck do I think I am

I'm just a Buffalo Soldier in the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Said he was fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Said he was a Buffalo Soldier, in the war for America

Said he, woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!
Woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!

Buffalo Soldier troddin' through the land, wo-ho-ooh!
Said he wanna ran and then you want a hand
Troddin' through the land, yea-hea, yea-ea

Said he was a Buffalo Soldier in the war for America
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlocked rasta
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Driven from the mainland to the heart of the Caribbean

Said he, woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!
Woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!

Trodding through San Juan
In the arms of America
Trodding through Jamaica, a Buffalo Soldier
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock rasta

Woy yoy yoy, woy yoy-yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy-yoy yoy!

// Jump Nyabinghi //

(Hallelu-Jah!)
(Hallelu-Jah!)

Love to see when you move in the rhythm
I love to see, when you're dancing from within!
It gives great joy to feel such sweet togetherness
Everyone doing and they're doing their best
Huh, it remind I of the days in Jericho
When we trodding down Jericho walls
These are the days when we'll trod through Babylon, (na-na, na-na)
Got to trod until Babylon falls

Sing your song yah!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!

We've got the herb (got it!)
We've got the herb (got it!)
We've got the herb (got it!)
So hand I the surf board
'Cause most of all we ain't got nothing to lose. We-e-e-ey!

(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi! A little bit louder!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump, Nyabinghi!)

Love to see when you groove with the riddim
'Cause I love to see, when you're dancing from within!
It gives great joy to see such sweet togetherness
'Cause everyone's doin' and they're doing their best
'Cause it remind me of the days in Jericho
When we troddin' down Jericho walls!
These are the days when we'll trod through Babylon
We keep on troddin' until Babylon falls!

(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!
(Jump, jump, jump,) Nyabinghi!

// Mix Up, Mix Up //

Oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord, yeah!

Well, it's not easy
It's not easy
Speak the truth, come on, speak. Eh, now!
It ever cause it what it will:
He who hide the wrong he did
Surely did the wrong thing still

Get in the studio of -
Studio of time and experience
Here we experience the good and bad
What we have, and what we had -
This session (session)
Not just another version (version)
Oh Lord, give me a session (session)
Not another version (version)!
They're so much stumbling blocks right in-a our way:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
There's so much wanting, so much gaining, so much have done

Too much little mix-up, in the mix-up, yes!
Too much little mix up!
Too much of this mix up - mix up!

I was born in the country, right on top of the hill
I still remain, I know I still, I will-a
But through your lack of respect and through your false pride
Someone wanna take Jah - Jah - Jah children for a ride!
Shut up! Open the gate, and let the saints through

Please make it a session (session)
Not another version (version)
Ooh, please make it a session (session)
Not another version (version)!

Hey, you been talkin' all your mouth full of lies
Sitting there toppling and, Lord, they criticize
So through the eyes of the fool the deaf is wise
And through the eyes of the wise the fool is size

Saying is too much mix up - mix up!
Saying is too much mix up - mix up!

I wanna clear the wheel once and for all
I wanna clear my wheels, I don't care who fall!
I gotta clear my wheels once and for all
Clear my wheels, I don't care who fall - fall:
(Too much mix-up - mix-up!)

Hey! Mr. Music, why don't you wanna play?
Don't you know today is a bright holiday? Yeah! (holiday)
Some people waiting for the message that you bring
They listening to every word that you'll sing

Singing: (too much mix-up - mix-up -
(Too much little mix up!)
Would you groove along now
(Too much mix up - mix up), yeah!
Yes, would you groove along now
(Too much little mix-up!)
They just can't stop you know
(Too much mix-up - mix-up)!

// Give Thanks And Praises //

Give thanks and praises to the Most-High (Jah!)
Give thanks and praises so high (so high)
He will not deceive us my brethren
He will only lead us again (again):
Oh, take that veil from off of your eyes
Look into the future of realize

Noah had three sons, Ham, Shem and Japheth (Ham, Shem and Japheth)
And in Ham is known to be the Prophet
Glory to Jah, the Prophet is come (through all these ages)
Glory to Jah, the Prophet has come (through all these stages)
When my soul was hurtin' deep within
And I'm worrying to be free, desperately, yeah
So guide and protect I'n'I, O Jah - Jah
Through all these ages
Guide and protect I'n'I, O Jah - Jah
Through all these stages

Rastafari is his Name (Jah!) -
Rastafari is his Name (Jah!)
If Jah didn't love I (love I)
If I didn't love I (love I)
If Jah didn't love I (love I)
If I didn't love I
Would I be around today?
Would I be around to say:

Give thanks and praises, give thanks and praises
Give thanks and praises, give thanks and praises
Give thanks and praises, give thanks and praises

// Blackman Redemption //

Woy-a, Natty Congo:
A Dreadlock Congo I!
Woy-a, Natty Congo:
A Blackman Redemption! Woy-yo, yo-oo-wo-oo!
A Blackman Redemption! Woy-yo, wo-oo-wo-oo!

No need - no need to get jumpy
No need and-a no need to get bumpy
And-a no need - and-a no need to get bumpy
No nee-nee-nee-nee-nee-nee-nee-need to get jumpy!

Youth and youth agree to:
Cool running; can you dig it?
Cool running; yeah, one more time! A-beg you:
Cool running; can you stop it?
Cool running:
Spread out, spread out
Spread out, spread out

Tell you about the Blackman Redemption; can you dig it? (Oh, yeah!)
A Blackman Redemption; can you stop it?
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!

Coming from the root of King David
Through to the line of Solomon
His Imperial Majesty is the Power of Authority:
Spread out, spread out
Spread out, spread out
Spread out, spread out
Spread, spread out

No need - no need - no need to get jumpy
And-a no need - and-a no need to walk away

Let me tell bout you:
Cool running, can you dig it?
Cool running: it's one more time we want it
Cool running
Cool running
Spread out, spread out
Spread out, spread out
Spread out. Spread out, spread out
Spread out, spread out

It's just-a Blackman Redemption
Can you dig it (wo-yeah!) Good, Lord! Good, Lord! Good, Lord!
Blackman Redemption, can you stop it? Oh, no! Oh, no!
Blackman redemption

// Trench Town //

(Scoop, scoop, scoop, scoo-doo
Scoop, scoop wa-doo.)
Up a cane river to wash my dread
Upon a rock I rest my head
There I vision through the seas of oppression, oh-oo-wo!
Don't make my life a prison

We come from Trench Town, Trench Town (Trench town)
Most of them come from Trench Town
We free the people with music (sweet music)
Can we free the people with music (sweet music)?
Can we free our people with music? With music
With music, oh music!

Oh-y, my head
In desolate places we'll find our bread
And everyone see what's taking place, oh-oo-wo!
Another page in history

We come from Trench Town
Come from Trench Town
We come from Trench Town
Lord we free the people with music (sweet music)
We free the people with music (sweet music)
We free our people with music
With music, oh music (oh music)!

They say it's hard to speak
They feel so strong to say we are weak
But through the eyes the love of our people, oh-oo-wo!
They've got to repay

We come from (Trench town) Trench Town
We come from (Trench town) Trench Town
Trench - Trench Town (Trench town)
They say, "Can anything good come out of Trench Town?"
(Trench - Trench town)
That's what they say, (Trench town); (Trench - Trench town)
Say (Trench - Trench town) we're the underprivileged people
So (Trench town) they keep us in chains:
"Pay (Trench - Trench town) - pay - pay tribute to" (Trench town)
We come from (Trench - Trench town)
We come from (Trench - Trench town)
Just because we come from Trench Town
Not because we come from Trench Town
Just because we come from (Trench town)

// Stiff Necked Fools //

Stiff-necked fools, you think you are cool
To deny me for simplicity
Yes, you have gone for so long
With your love for vanity now
Yes, you have got the wrong interpretation
Mixed up with vain imagination

So take Jah Sun, and Jah Moon
And Jah Rain, and Jah Stars
And forever, yes, erase your fantasy, yea-eah!

The lips of the righteous teach many
But fools die for want of wisdom
The rich man's wealth is in his city
The righteous' wealth is in his Holy Place

So take Jah Sun, and Jah Moon
And Jah Rain, and Jah Stars
And forever, yes, erase your fantasy, yeah!
Destruction of the poor is in their poverty
Destruction of the soul is vanity, yeah!

So stiff-necked fools, you think you are cool
To deny me for simplicity, yea-ea-eah!
Yes, you have gone - gone for so long
With your love for vanity now

But I don't wanna rule ya!
I don't wanna fool ya!
I don't wanna school ya:
Things you - you might never know about!

Yes, you have got the wrong interpretation
Mixed up with vain - vain imagination:
Stiff-necked fools, you think you are cool
To deny me for, o-ooh, simplicity

// I Know //

Wo, man, there you are!

When the race gets hard to run
It means you just can't take the pace
When it's time to have your fun
You find the tears run on down through your face
Then you stop and think a little:
Are you the victim of the system?
Anyday now they gon' let you down
Remember, Natty will be there
To see you through

(I) And ain't it good to know (know) now:
Jah will be waiting there
(I) Ain't it doggone good to know (know) , you all
Jah will be waiting there
Wait in Summer, wait in Spring
Wait in Autumn, Winter thing
(Tribe) goes up, all the tribe goes down:
Bring my children from the end of the earth

Many a time I sit and wonder why
This race so - so very hard to run
Then I say to my soul: take courage
Battle to be won
Like a ship that's tossed and driven
Battered by the angry sea, yea-eah!
Say the tide of time was raging
Don't let the fury fall on me, no, no!

(I) 'Cause I know (know) -know:
Jah will be waiting there
(I) Ain't it good to know (know) now:
Jah will be waiting there. Wo-oo-o-oo-o! Ooh, yeah!
Lost and found, who speak I give
Lost and found, who speak I give
Speak I give, lost and found
Lost and found, who speak I give
Lost and found, who speak I give

// Rastaman Live Up! //

Rastaman, live up!
Bongoman, don't give up!
Congoman, live up, yeah!
Binghi-man don't give up!
Keep your culture:
Don't be afraid of the vulture!
Grow your dreadlock:
Don't be afraid of the wolf-pack!

Rastaman, live up!
Binghi-man, don't give up!
Congoman, live up, yeah!
Bongoman, don't give up!

David slew Goliath with a sling and a stone
Samson slew the Philistines with a donkey jawbone:
Iyaman, live up!
Rastaman, don't give up!
Binghi-man, live up!
Congoman, don't give up!

Trodding through creation in a irie meditation
Seen many visions in-a this yah Armagiddyon:
Rastaman, live up!
Congoman, don't give up!
Rastaman, live up, yeah!
Natty Dread, no give up!

Saw it in the beginning, so shall it be in this iwa
And they fallen in confusion, well-a just a step from Babel Tower
Rastaman live up!
Congoman, no give up!
Rastaman live up, yeah!
Congoman, no give up!
Grow your dreadlocks
Don't be afraid of the wolf-pack!
A-tell you, one man a-walkin'
And a billion man a-sparkin'

Rastaman, live up!
Binghi-man, don't give up!
Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up!

