Album: TheGoldenStreetsOfGlory

// How Great Thou Art //

Oh Lord my God when I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made
Now I see the stars and I hear the rolling thunder
Thy art throughout the universe displayed
Then sings my soul my Saviour God to Thee how great Thou art oh how great Thou art

Then sings my soul my Saviour God to Thee how great Thou art how great Thou art
When Christ shall come with shouts of acclamation
To take me home what joy shall fill my heart
Then I shall kneel in humble adoration and there proclaim my God how great Thou art

Then sings my soul...

// I Believe //

I believe for every drop of rain that falls, a flower grows
And I believe that somewhere in the darkest night a candle glows
I believe for everyone who goes astray
Someone will come to show the way
Yes I believe, Oh I believe
I believe above the storm the smallest prayer will still be heard
I believe that someone in the great somewhere hears every word
Every time I hear a newborn baby cry
Or touch a leaf or see the sky
Then I know why I believe

Every time I hear a newborn baby cry
Or touch a leaf or see the sky
Then I know why I believe
I believe
Oh I believe

// Yes I See God //

Yes I see God where the mountains reach the sky
And I see God when the eagle starts to fly
I see God in a little baby's smile I see God and he makes my life worthwhile
Yes I see God when the bridegroom meets his bride
I see God in a father's loving eyes
I see God when a mother starts to cry I see God in a love that never dies
(I see God) where the people meet to pray (I see God) in the things they do and say

(I see God) when the little children play
I see God and I know he's near all way
I see God yes I see God

// Master's Hand //

"Twas battered and scared, and the auctioneer
Thought it scarcely worth his while
To waste much time on the old violin,
But he held it up with a smile.
"What am I bidden, good folks," he cried,
"Who'll start bidding for me?
A dollar, a dollar - now who"ll make it two 
Two dollars, and who"ll make it three?
"Three dollars once, three dollars twice,
Going for three". . . but no!
From the room far back a gray-haired man
Came forward and picked up the bow;
Then wiping the dust from the old violin,
And tightening up the strings,
He played a melody,pure and sweet,
As sweet as an angel sings.
The music ceased and the auctioneer
With a voice that was quiet and low,
Said: "What am I bidden for the old violin?"
And he held it up with the bow;
"A thousand dollars - and who'll make it two?
Two thousand - and who'll make it three?
Three thousand once, three thousand twice
And going - and gone," said he.
The people cheered, but some of them cried,
"We do not quite understand -
What changed its worth?" The man replied:
"The touch of the masters hand."
And many a man with life out of tune,
And battered and torn with sin,
Is auctioned cheap to a thoughtless crowd.
Much like the old violin.
A "mess of pottage," a glass of wine,
A game and he travels on,
He's going once, and going twice -
He's going - and almost gone!
But the MASTER comes, and the foolish crowd,
Never can quite understand,
The worth of a soul, and the change that's wrought
By the touch of the MASTER'S hand.

// Heaven's Just A Prayer Away //

If you're trying to reach Heaven
You talk to Jesus, you talk to Him every day.
'Cause Jesus knows, He knows that you are coming
And Heaven's just a prayer away.

If you go, if you go to church on Sunday
You get down on your knees and pray
And give your heart and your soul to Jesus.
Heaven's just a prayer away.

You are just one prayer from Heaven
As you travel down life's highway.
Just when you think that you can't make it,
Well, Heaven's just a prayer away.

Of, if you go, if you go to church on Sunday
You get down on your knees and pray
And give your heart and give your soul to Jesus.
Heaven's just a prayer away.

Heaven's just a prayer away.

Away.

// Golden Streets Of Glory //

Glory to His name, oh, holy, holy
There's a city where the streets are paved in gold
A land where the milk and the honey flow
And a mansion which for me
'Cause my bible tells the story
I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory

Green meadows where the little children play
No sorrow there, just one long happy day
And none will litter there except the pure and the holy
I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory

And when I've reached my journey's end
And if I'm worthy to go in
Golden streets of glory, I walk on
And the golden streets of my new home
Will lead me up to the master's throne
With the angel band I'll sing

Glory to His name, oh, holy, holy
I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory
Hallelujah, I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory

And when I've reached my journey's end
And if I'm worthy to go in
Golden streets of glory, I'll walk on

And the golden streets of my new home
Will lead me up to the master's throne
With the angel band I'll sing

Glory to His name, oh, holy, holy
I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory
Hallelujah, I just hope my feet are clean enough
To walk upon the golden streets of glory

// I'll Keep Climbing //

As I travel life's pathway to that city beyond
I find the way so narrow and my strenght almost gone
Then I cry oh Lord have mercy please don't leave me all alone
Cause somehow I've got to make it make heaven my home
I'll keep climbing I'll keep climbing till I make it my home
And I'll soon be with Jesus round the great white throne
Though the way may seem rugged Lord I must travel on
I'll keep climbing I'll keep climbing till I make heaven my home

My friends they forsake me my companions are few
I'll keep my eyes toward heaven no matter what others do
I'll keep my mind upon Jesus for his way I will choose
Soon I'll reach heaven's portal seems it's almost in view
I'll keep climbing...
I'll keep climbing...
Make heaven my home

// Book Of Life //

Is my name written there on those pages bright and fair
Is my name written in the book of life
If you want to be up there then down here you must prepare
And your name must be in the book of life
Get down on your knees and pray you from sin must turn away
Or your name won't be in the book of life
If you'll turn to Jesus now at his feet just humbly bow
Then your name will be in the book of life

[Piano]

Don't you know that Christ was sent that from sin you could repent
So your name could be in the book of life
You will have a great surprise if you fail to recognize
That your name must be in the book of life
Get down on your knees and pray you from sin must turn away
Or your name won't be in the book of life
Don't delay and don't forget that from sin you must repent
Then your name will be in the book of life
Is my name written in the book of life

// Wings Of A Dove //

When troubles surround us, when evils come
The body grows weak
The spirit grows numb
When these things beset us, God doesn't forget us
He sends us His love

On the wings of a snow-white dove
He sends His pure sweet love
A sign from above
On the wings of a dove

When Jesus went down through the river that day
Well, he was baptised in the usual way
And when it was done
God blessed His son
He sent him His love
On the wings of a dove

On the wings of a snow-white dove
He sends His pure sweet love
A sign from above
On the wings of a dove

On the wings of a snow-white dove
He sends His pure sweet love
A sign from above
On the wings of a dove

// Lord, Hold My Hand //

Hold my hand let's not lose my way hold my hand and lead me home
Guide each step that I might take hold my hand and keep me strong

And let the path I walk be straight let the deeds I do be kind
Let me never hesitate to help my brother walking blind
Hold my hand...

And let my words have meaning of anything that I might speak
If you see me leaning on just hold my hand and straighten me
Hold my hand...
Amen

