Album: AJohnPrineChristmas

// Christmas In Prison //

It was Christmas in prison
And the food was real good
We had turkey and pistols
Carved out of wood
And I dream of her always
Even when I don't dream
Her name's on my tongue
And her blood's in my stream.

[Chorus:]
Wait awhile eternity
Old mother nature's got nothing on me
Come to me
Run to me
Come to me, now
We're rolling
My sweetheart
We're flowing
By God!

She reminds me of a chess game
With someone I admire
Or a picnic in the rain
After a prairie fire
Her heart is as big
As this whole goddamn jail
And she's sweeter than saccharine
At a drug store sale.

[Chorus]

The search light in the big yard
Swings round with the gun
And spotlights the snowflakes
Like the dust in the sun
It's Christmas in prison
There'll be music tonight
I'll probably get homesick
I love you. Goodnight.

[Chorus]

// All The Best //

I wish you love
And happiness
I guess I wish you
All the best
I wish you don't
Do like I do
And ever fall in love with
Someone like you
Cause if you fell
Just like I did
You'd probably walk around the block
Like a little kid.
But kids don't know
They can only guess
How hard it is
To wish you happiness

I guess that love
Is like a Christmas card
You decorate a tree
You throw it in the yard
It decays and dies
And the snowmen melt
Well I once knew love
I knew how love felt
Yeah I knew love
Love knew me
And when I walked
Love walked with me
And I got no hate
And I got no pride
Well I got so much love
That I cannot hide

Say you drive a Chevy
Say you drive a Ford
You say you drive around the town
Till you just get bored
Then you change your mind
For something else to do
And your heart gets bored with your mind
And it changes you
Well it's a doggone shame
And it's an awful mess
I wish you love
I wish you happiness
I wish you love
I wish you happiness
I guess I wish you
All the best

// Everything Is Cool //

Everything is cool
Everything's okay
Why just before last Christmas
My baby went away

Across the sea to an island
While the bridges brightly burn
So far away from my land
The valley of the unconcerned

I was walking down the road, man
Just looking at my shoes
When God sent me an angel
Just to chase away my blues

I saw a hundred thousand blackbirds
Just flying thru the sky
And they seemed to form a teardrop
From a black haired angel's eye

That tear fell all around me
And it washed my sins away
Now everything is cool
Everything's okay

Everything is cool
Everything's okay
Why just before last Christmas
My baby went away

And I find it real surprising
For myself to hear me say
That everything is cool
Everything's okay
Everything is cool
Everything's okay

Why just before last Christmas
My baby went away.

// Silent Night All Day Long //

There's a pine tree in a window in a house on a hill
With a tree top angel sitting perfectly still
She's watching the shoppers walk through the snow
With their arms full of treasures and hearts all aglow

[Chorus:]
We held hands and stared at the lights on the tree
As if Christmas was invented for you and for me
When the angel on the treetop requested a song
We sang Silent Night All Day Long

There's a family that's gathered in some living room
Dinner on the table that's been cooking since noon
Stockings on the mantle are hanging with care
While every body is saying a prayer

[Chorus]

There's a room out there somewhere with a woman in a chair
With memories of childhood still lingering there.
How pretty the paper, the lights and the snow.
How precious those memories of long long ago.

[Chorus]

When the angel on the treetop requested a song.
We sang Silent Night all day long

// If You Were The Woman And I Was The Man //

If you were the woman and I was the man
Would I send you yellow roses?
Would I dare to kiss your hand?
In the morning would I caress you
As the wind caresses the sand,
If you were the woman and I was the man?

If I was the heart and you were the head
Would you think me very foolish
If one day I decided to shed
These walls that surround me
Just to see where these feelings led,
If I was the heart and you were the head?

If I was the woman and you were the man
Would I laugh if you came to me
With your heart in your hand
And said, "I offer you this freely
And will give you all that I can
Because you are the woman
And I am the man?"

// Silver Bells //

City Sidewalks, busy sidewalks
Dressed in holiday style
In the air there is a feeling of Christmas
Children laughing, people passing
Greeting smile after smile
And on every street corner you'll hear.

Silver Bells, Silver Bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas Day.

Strings of streetlights even Stop Lights
Blink a bright red and green
As the shoppers rush home with their treasures
Here the snow crunch, see the kids bunch
It Santa's big day
And above all the hustle you'll hear

Silver Bells, Silver Bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas Day.

Silver Bells, Silver Bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas Day.
Soon it will be Christmas Day.
Soon it will be Christmas Day.

// I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus //

Christmas toys all over the place
Little Johnny wears a funny smile on his face
Johnny has a secret, and a secret he must share
He wants to tell somebody, so he tells his Teddy Bear

I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus
Underneath the mistletoe last night
Well, she didn't see me creep
Down the stairs to have a peek
She though that I was tucked up in my bedroom fast asleep
Then I saw Mommy tickle Santa Claus
Underneath his beard so snowy white
What a laugh it would have been
If Daddy had walked in
And saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night

I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus
Underneath the mistletoe last night
Well, she didn't see me creep
Down the stairs to have a peek
She though that I was tucked up in my bedroom fast asleep
But I know I saw Mommy tickle Santa Claus
Underneath his beard so snowy white
What a laugh it would have been
If Daddy had walked in
And saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night
And saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night (One more time!)
And saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night
On the Lips!

// A John Prine Christmas //

Pretty paper
Pretty ribbons of blue.

[Spoken:] Man oh man,
I just love Christmas it's just so darn neat.
I kinda wish every day was Christmas,
Except Christmas eve and the Fourth of July.
We wouldn't want to miss out on the fireworks, would we?
When I was a kid, we used to get the Christmas catalog from Montgomery Wards in Chicago.
Sometimes we'd get it as early as late August.
It was the big book of wishes, hopes and desires.
My three brothers and I were allotted twenty-five bucks a piece, including tax.
So I'd make up a different Christmas list every night
From the first of September 'til the twenty-forth of December.
Matter of fact, let me present you with my Christmas credentials.
When I was three years old, at least that's what my mother told me,
I ate an entire ornament. I ate a big red one, I thought it was an apple.
They kinda freaked out and was gonna take me to the hospital
But they couldn't stop me from laughing so they just left me alone.
So I guess I still got that Christmas in me all the time, you know?

One year, I got a wooden Roly-Poly for Christmas,
You know the things you knock down and they bounce right back up.
They made 'em out of wood back then, that's how old I am.
Nowadays, they make 'em out of plastic.
My mom says, "They just don't make 'em like that anymore."
And I says, "No ma, they don't".

Then there was the year I came home only eave from the army,
From Germany to marry my high school sweetheart on the day after Christmas.
My little brother Billy, who was twelve at the time,
Had just gotten his first job so he was able to afford to buy some Christmas presents
For his brothers and his mom and dad out of his own pocket.
Billy had a job selling subscriptions for the Chicago Tribune.
He told me this guy named Rocky would pick him up in a station wagon,
Him and some other boys, and he'd take 'em out to some strange neighborhood
And drop 'em off and he gave them this whole spiel to give their potential customers.
Supposedly their little brother had won a free trip to our nation's capital Washington, D.C.,
But he couldn't go on the trip if his older brother wouldn't accompany him
So if you would please buy a subscription to the Chicago Tribune then my little brother will be happy.
Wow, what a shyster! Some people'll do anything to get to the Whitehouse.

Then there was the year that my mom and dad gave me my first guitar.
Ah man it was gorgeous, I still got the thing. It was a like aqua blue. Kinda dark aqua blue with a cream colored heart.
Was a Silvertone from Montgomery Wards. The model was called Kentucky Blue and man when I saw that sitting under the tree I just couldn't wait.
First year so I didn't know how to play it,
I'd just stand in front of the mirror with a string around my neck with that guitar and I'd try to look like Elvis.
Then my brother Dave taught me a couple of chords,
Now I'm here in your living room singing and talking to you.
It's funny how things work out.

So-a whyn't you go find a stranger and extend your hand to 'em.
If you see somebody looks like they ain't doin' quite as well as you, slip 'em a buck,
'specially if they don't ask for spare change.
Go buy your honey a cuckoo clock or a musical snow shaking water ball,
That when you wind it up it plays,
"I want you, I need you, I love ya with all my heart."
'cause after all, hell man, it's Christmas.

Away in a manger no crib for a bed.
The little Lord Jesus lay down his sweet head.
The stars in the sky look down where he lay.
The little Lord Jesus asleep on the (1-2) hay.

[Spoken:] Merry Christmas Everybody.

