Album: DeathCertificate

// The Funeral (Intro) //

Niggas are in a state of emergency
The death side a mirrored image of where we are today
The life side a vision of where we need to go
So sign your death certificate...

Fuck all, y'all
Lisa got him

Alright, on three, one, two, three
Get all folks together, walk this way
Can't believe it though
The homeboy, hey, open that door
Open it, alright 'right

We've come together by God's demand
Whether it be for life or death
Well, this morning, it's over the mourning
Of one of our little brothers

This brother was a good brother
He didn't get into an excessive amount of trouble
But it's one thing, it's one thing, it's one thing...
He was the wrong nigga to fuck with!

// The Wrong Nigga To Fuck With //

[Verse One]
God damn, it's a brand new payback
From the straight gangsta mack in straight gangsta black
How many motherfuckers gotta pay
Went to the shelf and dusted off the AK
Caps gotta get pealed
Cause "The Nigga Ya Love to hate" still can "Kill at Will"
It ain't no pop cause that sucks
And you can New Jack SWING on my nuts
Down wit the niggaz that I bail out
I'm platinum bitch and I didn't have to sell out
Fuck you Ice Cube, that's what the people say
Fuck AmeriKKKa, still wit hthe triple K
Cause you know when my nine goes buck
it'll bust your head like a watermelon dropped from 12 stories up
Now let's see who'll drop
Punk motherfuckers tryin to ban hip-hop
Fuck R&B and the runnin man
I'm the one that stand, with the gun in hand
Make sure before you buck wit duck quick
Punk, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck wit

"I'ma let y'all know one thing man.."

[Verse Two]
Hell yeah it's on, you better tell 'em
Ice Cube and I'm rolling with the motherfuckin L.M.
It's the number one crew in the area
Make a move for your gat and I'll bury ya
Ashes to ashes, dirt to dirt
Punks roll when I put in work
cause Lench Mob niggaz are the craziest
And y'all motherfuckers can't fade my shit
South Central, that's where the Lench Mob dwell
Hittin fools up with the big ass L
One time can't hold me back
Sweatshirt, khakis and crokersacs
Stop givin juice to the Raiders
Cause Al Davis, never paid us
I hope he wear a vest
It's all about the L-E-N-C-H y'all know the rest
Motherfuckin crew, motherfuckin mob
Do a motherfuckin job in a motherfuckin squad
In '91 Ice Cube grew stronger and bigger
And I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with

"One-and-two, ah-three-e-and-ah-four-and.."
"Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute"

[Cube] Drop a old school beat!

[Verse Three]
Like I said, it's a brand new payback
9-91, Let's see who beats the jack
Sir Jinx grew a little bit taller
(Keep the wack beats out) true motherfuckin baller
And hoes can't roll on
Even bitches looking like En Vogue gotta "Hold On"
Don't let me catch Daryl Gates in traffic
I gotta have it, to peel his cap backwards
I hope he wear a vest too, and his best blew
goin up against the Zulu
Break his spine like a jellyfish
Kick his ass til I'm smellin shit
Off wit the head, off wit the head I say
And watch the devil start kickin
Run around like a chicken, grand dragon finger lickin
Yo, turn him over wit a spatula
Now we got, Kentucky Fried Cracker
Mess with the Cube, you get punked quick
Pig, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with!

"Last person in the world you wanna fuck with.." [repeat 3X]

// My Summer Vacation //

[airline attendant]
This is the final boarding call for flight 1259
departing from Los Angeles, final destination to St. Louis
Thank you

[Ice Cube]
Damn G, the spot's gettin hot
So how the fuck am I supposed to make a knot?
Police looking at niggaz through a microscope
In L.A. everybody and they momma sell dope
They trying to stop it
So what the fuck can I do to make a profit?
Catch a flight to St. Louis
That's cool, cause nobody knew us
We stepped off the plane
Four gang bangers, professional crack slangers
Rented a car at wholesale
Drove to the ghetto, and checked in a motel
Unpacked and I grab the three-eighty
Cause where we stayin, niggaz look shady
But they can't fade South Central
Cause bustin a cap is fundamental
Checkin out every block close
Seein which one will clock the most
Yeah this is the one no doubt
Bust a U Bone, and let's clear these niggaz out

Ay ay man, whassup nigga?
Yo, well this Lench Mob nigga!
[gun shots]

Now clearin em out meant casualties
Still had the L.A. mentality
Bust a cap, and out of there in a hurry
Wouldn't you know, a driveby in Missouri
Them fools got popped
Took their corner next day, set up shop
And it's better than slangin in the Valley
Triple the profit makin more than I did in Cali
Breakin off rocks like Barney Rubble
Cause them mark-ass niggaz don't want trouble
And we ain't on edge when we do work
Police don't recognize the khakis and the sweatshirts
Getting bitches and they can't stand a
Nineteen-ninety-one Tony Montana
Now the shit's like a war
of gang violence, where it was never seen before
Punks whirl when the gat bust
Four jheri curl niggaz kickin up dust
And some of them are even lookin up to us
Wearing our colors and talkin that gang fuss
Giving up much love
Dyin for a street, that they ain't even heard of
But other motherfuckers want to stand strong
So you know the phrase, once again it's on

[TV announcer]
Top of the news tonight, gangs from South Central
Los Angeles which are known for their driveby shootings
have migrated into East St. Louis
leaving three dead and two others injured
No arrests have been made
Police say this is a nationwide trend
with similar incidents occuring in Texas, Michigan, and Oklahoma
(female voice repeating in background:
"If it can happen here, it can happen anywhere")

[Ice Cube]
BOOM, my homie got shot he's a goner black
St. Louis niggaz want they corner back
Shooting in snowy weather
It's illegal business, niggaz still can't stick together
Fuckin police got the four-one-one
that L.A. ain't all, surf and sun
But we ain't thinkin, bout the boys
Feudin, like the Hatfields and McCoys
Now the shit's gettin tricky
Cause now they lookin for the colors and the khakis
Damn, the spot's gettin hot from the battle
About to pack up and start slangin in Seattle
But the NARCs, raid about six in the morning
Try to catch a nigga while he's yawnin
Put his glock to my chest as I paused
Went to jail in my motherfuckin drawers
Tryin to give me, fifty-seven years
Face'll be full of those tattooed tears
It's the same old story and the same old nigga stuck
And the public defender ain't givin a fuck
The fool must be sparkin
Talkin about a double life plea bargain
You got to deal with the Crips and Bloods by hand G
Plus the Black Guerilla family
And the white pride don't like Northside
And it's a riot if any more niggaz die
No parole or probation
Now this is a young man's summer vacation
No chance for rehabilitation
Cause look at the motherfuckin years that I'm facin
I'ma end it like this cause you know what's up
My life is fucked

// Steady Mobbin //

(c'mon G)
[JD] Police, eat a dick straight up
Look here you little god damn nigger, your not gafflin nobody
You fuckin understand me
(kick his ass)
That's right, get down on the god damn ground now
Fuckin move now
(Let me take a shot at him)
We're gonna do you like King
[JD] What god damn King
Rodney King, Martin Luther King
and all the other god damn King's from Africa
[JD] Look out motherfucker
[gun shots]

[Ice Cube]
God damn, the bigger the cap the bigger the peelin
And when dealin with the Lench Mob you gots to know
Steady Mobbin is not just the name of this jam, but a way of life
Bound together by motherfuckers that's known
to break em off somethin, give it to me

Four or five niggaz in a mothership
Better known as a goose and we all wanna smother shit
Bent, front and back glass got tint
Tryin to get our hands on some dollars and cents
And fools can't hold us
Every chance we get, we hittin up the rollers
Comin up short of the green guys
And I might start slangin bean pies
Or the bootleg t-shirt of the month
With "U Can't Touch This" on the front
I'm bout to get rich
Cause life ain't nuttin but money and fuck a bitch
They drop like dominoes
And if you didn't know, Ice Cube got drama hoes
So after the screwin
I bust a nut and get up and put on my white Ewings
I'm out the do'
All you might get is a rubber on the floor
Cause I'm ready to hit the road like Mario Andretti
Bitch, cause I'm steady mobbin

Bustin caps in the mix
Rather be judged by twelve than carried by six
Cause I'm gettin major
Fuck Pac Tel, move to Sky Pager
Told all my friends
Don't drink 8 Ball, cause St. Ide's is givin ends
Fools get drunk and wanna compete
Slapboxin in the street
Niggaz get mad, tempers are flarin
cause they got a few bitches starin
Just for the nappy heads
But scandalous bitches, make for happy Feds
I'm making my duty to cuss em
out, cause I just don't trust em
And if you tell on me I'm bombin on Betty
Bitch shoulda known I was steady mobbin

Since one-time so hot
Got me a stash spot in my hooptie for the glock
And I'm rollin on rims
Eating soul food, and neckbones from M&M's
Grumblin like a motherfucker
Greasy-ass lips, now I gots to take a shit
Saw Sir Jinx bailin'
When I hit a left, I moved felon, 'Whattup loc?'
Don't you know that niggaz get smoked
That take they life for a joke, get in nigga
I take you to the pad zoom
Went to mom's house and dropped a load in the bathroom
Jumped back in my low rider
Comin out feelin about ten pounds lighter
Went to Bone's house so I can get the gat
Looking for the place where all the hoes kick it at
Lench Mob ain't nuttin but tramps
But hoes lickin us like stamps 
One fool brought the music for the yams
But Ice Cube had more amps, get in bitch
Cause I had the jam on
And I don't want to hear shit about a tampon
Give me the nappy and make me happy
The hoe said 'Pappy could you slap me
on the ass hard and fast
and could please try not to leave a gash?'
I said yeah, but I don't play sex
When I'm putting on the latex
Slipped on the condom
Fucked around and dropped the bomb son
And it came out sort of like confetti
In for the night, no longer steady mobbin

// Robin Lench (Interlude) //

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, I'm Robin Lench! [applause]
And welcome to "The Lifestyles Of The Poor And Unfortunate"
where you and your broad can win 8 days and 9 dangerous nights at…
"The Come On In Motel" overviewing the Watts Tower. Ooooooooooooh!

And for your transportation pleasures, you get to ride on what?
The "R.T.D.": the "Rough, Tough and Dangerous"
where we provide you and your bitch round trip transfer
STRAIGHT DOWN GAGE!! [5 shots] (AYO, NIGGA! GET OUTTA THE CAR, NIGGA!)
where you get to meet who? O.G. Mac Bone! (who the fuck are?)
Hello, O.G. Mac Bone! Say: "Hi!" (NIGGA, FUCK YOU MUTHAFUCKA! (GET OUTTA HERE) SUCK ON THESE NUTS, PUNK!) [7 shots]

And for your gambling cravings, you can lose that trick-bitch that's with ya…almost well, basically...ANYWHERE!
(I give you $20 for your biiiiitch! Hahahahah!)

And for your nightlife entertainment, you get to visit our very own "Strawberry Showgirls"! Located where? On Figueroa!
'Ey, 'ey, bitch! 'Ey, how much for head?
Hahahahahah! Oww...ah-ah...
Oh! Until next time, 40 oz. dreams and watermelon wishes!
I'm Robin Lench!
Peace! 5000 G!

// Givin' Up The Nappy Dug Out //

[doorbell: DING DONG!]

[Pops]
Yeah
[Cube]
Umm, uhh is Cheryl here?
[Pops]
Well who are you?
[Cube]
Tell her Ice Cube is here
[Pops]
WHO?!
[Cube]
Ice Cube!
[Pops]
ICE CUBE?!
Man I ain't lettin my damn daughter
go out with no damn Ice Cubes man!
Man what the hell you talkin about man?
I brought my daughter up man,
in a Catholic school, private school
Man what you want with her?
I'm sick of this bullshit!
[Cube]
Yo man, let me tell you somethin..

[Verse One]
Your daughter was a nice girl, now she is a slut
A queen treatin niggaz just like King Tut
Gobblin up nuts, sorta like a hummingbird
Suckin up the Lench Mob crew, and I'm comin third
Used to get straight A's, now she just skippin class
Oh my, do I like to grip the hips and ass
Only seventeen, with a lot of practice 
on black boys jimmies and white boys cactus
Sorry sorry sir, but I gotta be brief
A lotta niggaz like bustin nuts in her teeth
Drink it up, drink it up, even though she's Catholic
that don't mean shit, cause she's givin up the ass quick
Quicker than you can say, "Candy,"
the bitch is on my Snicker... and oh man she
can take on three men - built like He-Men
Her little-bitty twat got gallons of semen
Fourteen niggaz in line ready to bang yo'
pride-and-joy, I mean daddy's little angel
Tell the little bitch to bring her ass out the house
cause your daughter's known, for givin up the nappy dug out

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

"I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch remains
I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!"
[Cube] Givin up the nappy dug out!

[Interlude: Pops]

[Pops]
Look motherfucker you better get from in front of my house
with that old god damn bullshit
You girlie-ass motherfucker
You better get out of here witcho' fine ass
Man, youse a little fine motherfucker

[Verse Two]
Mister, mister, before you make me go
I'm here to let you know your little girl is a hoe
Nympho, nympho, boy is she bad
Get her all alone and out comes the kneepads
I know she is a minor and it is illegal
but the bitch is worse than Vanessa Del Rio
And if you de-cide to call rape
we got the little hooker on tape, now:
tell the fuckin slut to please hurry up
and wear that dress that's tight on her butt
So I can finger-fuck on the way to the bed
Been in so many rooms, she got a dot on her forehead
Face turnin red from grabbin them ankles
Fuck and get up is how I do them stank-hoes
You should hear how she sounds with a cock
And her boots get knocked, from here to Czechoslovakia
Two are on top, one on the bottom
First nigga got the boots; man, you shoulda shot him
cause after I got 'em it was over
Now niggaz get lucky like a four-leaf clover
on daddy's little girl.
She keeps nuts in her mouth like the bitch was a squirrel
So tell Cheryl to bring her ass home
cause the line at my house is gettin loooooooong, ay!

[Chorus]

[Chorus Two: (continued from previous)]

"I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch remains
I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!"
[Cube] Yeah.. yeah.. bitch, bitch givin up the nappy dug out!
"I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch remains
I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter!"
[Cube] Yo.. 

[Pops]
Little motherfucker!
[Girl]
Daddy, where did he go?
[Pops]
I'll tell you where he went, god damnit!
[Girl]
Mercy!

"Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out"  [Kane (2X)]
"Givin up the nappy dug out.." [2X]
"Givin up the nappy, givin up the nappy dug out"  [Kane (2X)]
"Givin up the nappy dug out.." [1X]
"Givin-givin up the nappy dug out.."
[Girl]
Mercy!

[Announcer]
Warning: when having sexual intercourse with a female like Cheryl
you must use, jimmy hat condoms

[Condom rap]
We're called jimmy hats, have you ever seen us?
Most guys wear us round rolled up on your penis
If you're real smart, you will always use us
Put me in your wallet, 'fore some dummy screws us
And goin bare back, without the bare facts
'll have creepy crawlers crawlin on your nutsac!
So get the J-I-M-M-Y to the hats
It's me and two brothers in a pack

"Run out and get your jimmy hats.."  [KRS-One]
(??)
"Run out and get your jimmy hats.."  [KRS-One]

[Condom] Or this might happen to you!

// Look Who's Burnin' //

[intro: conversation between  1  and  2  + a  Nurse]

[1] Ay but, what you doin up here anyway nigga?
[2] Man I came up to get some rubbers man, what you doin up here?
[1] No shit?  Man, I came up here to get a physical
[1] You know for my job, you gotta get a physical and shit, but..
[2] Really?
[Nurse] Philip Brown to the front desk - Philip Brown
[1] Aw that's me right there, hey man you stay up man!
[Nurse] Philip Brown!
[1] Be careful and shit you know...
[2] Awright then homey!
[Nurse] Philip Brown?
[1] Yeah?
[Nurse] Can I help you?
[1] Ahh, ah-uh-yeah, I'd like to get 
[1] I'd like to get a physical
[Nurse] We don't give physicals here
[1] Oh you don't?
[Nurse] No, all we test for is VD, herpes, syphillis and gonorrhea
[1] I'd like to see a doctor
[Nurse] What's the matter, you BURNING?
[1] Huh??

"Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no.." [Slick Rick]
"Why is my thing-thing burnin like this?"
[Nurse] You BURNING?
"Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no.." [Slick Rick]
"What have I, done stuck my duck in?"

[Ice Cube]
I went to the free clinic, it was filled to capacity
Now how bad can a piece of ass be?
Very bad, so I had to make the trip
and thank God, I didn't have the drips
I was there so a hoe couldn't gimme that
Just to get - twenty free jimmy hats
Now look who I see
Ain't that... yeah, that's the bitch from up the street!
With the big fat tail
who always told Cube to go to hell
She thought she was wiser
Now she's sittin in the waitin room, burnin like heat-mizer
Yeah I see ya
First Miss Thang, now Miss Gonorrhea
Man it's a trip how the world keeps turnin
It's 1991, and look who's burnin

[Chorus One: various samples (repeat 2X)]

"Does it get you hot?"
"It's got me hot!"
"This is a girl playin hard to get.." [Slick Rick]
"Burnin up, burnin!"
"What have I, done stuck my duck in?"

[Ice Cube]
Now everybody is a victim, you can go see 'em
and you'll hear more claps than the Coliseum
Sittin there all quiet and embarrassed
Whup - there go that bitch who was careless
I remember - she wouldn't give the cock
to anybody who lived on the block
Now hoe, look what you got
BEND THAT BIG ASS OVER for the shot
Cause somebody is pipin hot
Drippin like a faucet, I'm glad I didn't toss it
Got you a college boy, who was worse than me
and he probably fucked the whole university
Still wanted him to dick you down, kick you down
with some bucks, now who got fucked?
With a nigga for the money he's earnin
but ask for some water bitch, and look who's burnin

[Chorus Two: various samples (repeat 2X)]

"Does it get you hot?"
"Can you get that?"
"This is a girl playin hard to get.." [Slick Rick]
"Burnin up, burnin!"
"Why is my thing-thing burnin like this?"

[Interlude: more samples]

"It burns.."
[man moaning in pain, urinating sound]
"Fitfully, sputteringly to it's end.."
{aww shit!!}
".. at which there is, a little surprise"
{That stupid ass..}	"BITCH!!!!"

[Ice Cube]
Yo, it ain't my fault you got the heebie-jibbies
but you still try to act like you didn't see me
So I walk over, and say "Hi,
bitch, don't try to act surprised!"
You shoulda put a sock on the pickle
and your pussy wouldn't be blowin smoke signals
Man, this is gonna kill 'em
Guess who got a big fat dose of penicillin?
They'll ask, "Who?", and I tell 'em you
The new leader of the big booty crew
And after the day, I'm sorry to say
You come through the neighborhood, you couldn't give it away
To a nigga, who's out to get major paid
but you'll have him, pissin out razorblades
But a bitch like you..ll be returnin with the H-I-V, R.I.P.

[Chorus Three: various samples (repeat 2X)]

"You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." [KRS-One]
"I'm burning up!"
"You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." [KRS-One]
"You can't trust a big butt and a smile.." [KRS-One]
"I'm burning up!"
"What have I, done stuck my duck in?"

[Outro]
".. done stuck my duck in?"
"I'm burning up!"
"It's hot.. I'm burning up!"

// A Bird In The Hand //

[Big Bird: Sesame Street]
Hey look at this!  I was cleaning out my nest
and I found a book of my old poetry

[Ice Cube]
Fresh out of school cause I was a high school grad
gots to get a job cuz I was a high school dad
Wish I got paid like I was rappin' to the nation 
but thats not likely, so here's my application
Pass it to the man at AT&T
Cuz when I was in school I got the a. e. e.
But there's no s. e. for this youngsta
I didn't have no money so now I have to hunch the
Back like a slave, thats what be happenin 
but whitey says there's no room for the African 
Always knew that I would boycott, jeez
but welcome to McDonalds can I take your order please
Gotta sell ya food that might give you cancer
cuz my baby doesn't take no for an answer
Now I pay taxes that you never give me back 
what about diapers, bottles, and similac 
Do I gotta go sell me a whole lotta crack
for decent shelter and clothes on my back?
Or should I just wait for help from Bush
or Jesse Jackson, and operation Push 
If you ask me the whole thing needs a douch
a masengel what the hell cracker sale in the neighborhood 
To the whorehouse bitches,
Miss porker, little joe or Todd Bridges
Or anybody that he know 
so I got me a bird, better known as a kilo
Now everybody know I went from po' to a nigga that got dough
So now you put the feds against me
cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency
I'm never givin' love again
Cuz blacks are too fuckin broke to be republican 
Now I remember I used to be cool
till I stopped fillin' out my W-2
Now senators are gettin' hired
and your plan against the ghetto backfired 
So now you got a pep talk 
but sorry, this is our only room to walk
Cause we don't want a drug push
But a bird in the hand is worth more than the bush

tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah)
tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah)

// Man's Best Friend //

"I can dig it!"

[Chorus: samples (repeat 2X) *1 and *2, *3 and *4 simultaneously]

[*1] "Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"
[*2] "Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"
[*3] "Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"
[*4] "I can dig it!"

[Verse One]
Here's another topic I'm addressin
so learn a quick lesson, about your Smith and Wesson
Sit your ass back and comprehend
as I let you know about man's best friend
Now remember: it used to be a dog like Lassie
but now in ninety-one it's a gun if you asked me
Just like a jimmy hat's used for protection
I use my nine when suckers start to flexin
Cause if you run up and try to play mine
I'd rather have a AK than a fuckin canine
Cause if you shot your gun, and my dog tried to fetch her
me and the dog's goin out on a stretcher
And I ain't with that, so I gotta get that
big black gat, aim and I hit that
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den
Nowadays.. a gat is man's best friend

[Chorus + Cube saying "Man's best friend" after *3 first time]

[Verse Two]
Here is the reason why Ice Cube pack
Just in case the little punks try to jack
I can't put a motherfuckin pitbull 
under a coat, in the small of my back
So I gotta take my beretta, and I betcha
it'll probably work, a 100 percent better
Cause it'll keep me out of danger
with sixteen in the clip and one in the chamber
So this goes to all y'all intruders
Beware of the owner, cause the owner is a shooter
I don't just wanna give your ass rabies
I'd rather have your ass pushing up daisies
And I can't do that with Benji,
Rin Tin Tin, or Spuds McKenzie
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den
Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend

"Just don't let me see you shoot no dogs!"
"Hey, I got shots fired here, send me another unit"
"The profile of a typical American gun owner is this:
Over thirty, white, male, middle class"  [Peter Jennings]

"Take that motherfuckers!"

// Alive On Arrival //

Down at the best spot
Its me and JD and they sellin more birds than a pet shop
The spot's hot and everybody nervous
That's when the blue car served us
Oh why did fools had to let loose
Heard six pops from a deuce deuce
Big Tom had to push us
13 niggaz runnin straight to the bushes
For they gats so they could draw down
But why a motherfucker like me had to fall down
Not known why I dropped out
Fuck it, still can't afford to get popped out
So now I gotta jet
Only ran one block, but my shirt soakin wet
Tryin to see if we got him
Looked down at my sweatshirt red at the bottom
Didn't panic but I still looked cracked out
Yelled to the homies then I blacked out

Woke up in the back of a tray
On my way, to MLK
That the county hospital jack
Where niggaz die over a little scratch
Still sittin in the trauma center
In my back is where the bullet entered
Yo nurse I'm gettin kind of warm
Bitch still made me fill out the fuckin form
Coughin up blood on my hands and knees
Then I heard "freeze nigger don't move"
Yo, I didn't do a thing
Didn't wanna go out like my man Rodney King
Still got gaffled
Internal bleeding as the bullet starts to travel
Now I'm handcuffed
Being asked information on my gang affiliation
I don't bang, I rock the good rhymes
And I'm a victim of neighborhood crime

I need to see a MD
And ya'll mothafuckers giving me the third degree
Look at the waiting room
Its filled to the rim like the county jail day room
Nobody gettin help
Since we poor
The hospital move slow
Now I'm layed out
People steppin over me to get closer to the tv
Just like a piece of dog shit
Now will I die on this nappy ass carpet
One hour done passed
Done watched two episodes of M*A*S*H
And when I'm almost through
They call my name and put me on ICU
Halfway dead
No respect and handcuffed to the bed
Now the trauma starts
Cause the bullet must be just a hair from my heart
So I begin the ass kissin
Just to get looked at by an overworked physician
Got the chills, but my temperatures 103
Only got a band-aid and an IV
That's when I start cussin
Police steady askin me who did the bustin

Why oh why can't I get help
Cause I'm black, I gots to go for self
Too many black bodies the hospital housin
So at 10 P.M. I was Audi 5000

// Death //

[Dr. Khalid Muhammad:]
Let me live my life! [beat starts]
We can no longer LIVE OUR LIVES...
Then let us... GIVE OUR LIVE for the liberation...
And salvation of the Black Nation
Saints, saviors, soldiers, scholars... healers and killers
No longer dead, deaf, dumb and blind out of our my mind!
BRAIN-WASHED with the white men's mind
NO MORE HOMICIDE!
NO MORE FRATRICIDE!
NO MORE SUCIDE, INFANTCIDE AND... GENOCIDE!
Look that goddamn white man in his COLD... blue-eyes
Devil don't even TRY... We Bay Bay Kids!
We DON'T die... we... MULTIPLY!
You heard the death side
Open your black eyes for the REBIRTH...
Resurrection... and rise! [beat fades-out]

// The Birth //

[Interlude:]
[Operator:] Dr. Brains, telephone. Pagin' Dr. Brains, telephone, please! [footsteps]
[Mother:] [screaming] [crying]
[Nurse:] C'mon! C'mon, lady... push it once more!
[Doctor:] I see the head...
[Mother:] [screaming] [crying]
[Doctor:] Push! Push!
[Nurse:] C'mon!
[Doctor:] C'mon... push!
[Nurse:] C'mon, honey!
[Doctor:] PUSH!
[Newborn:] [crying]
[Doctor:] It's a boy. [beat starts]

[Dr. Khalid Muhammad:]
The black man and black woman have no FURTHER!
No beginnig and no ending... BEFOOOORE Alpha...
And AFTER... Omega!
History and historians'll record...
The black father and mother of morality... medicine... music, and mathematics
The father and mother of all the nation of religion, philosophy... art... science and civilization!
NO FURTHER!
All they can say about the black man...
Is he WAS, he's HEARS... and he SHALL BE!
Before HIM there were none
And after HIM... there will be NO MORE!
Before we can make a way for the peace maker...
We must KILL... and get rid... of the peace breaker. [beat fades-out]

// I Wanna Kill Sam //

"The army is the only way out for a young black teenager. 
We'll provide you with housing.
We'll provide you with education.
We'll provide you with everything you need to survive in life.
We'll help you to be the best soldier in the U.S. of A."

"Because we do more before 7 A.M. 
than most niggers do in their whole lifetime."

[Cube] Huh-huh, huh-HAH..
"I'm comin!" [repeat 3X]
[Cube] I'm comin!

[Verse One]
I wanna kill him, cause he tried to play me like the trick
but you see, I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with
I got the A to the motherfuckin K, and it's ready to rip
Slapped in my banana clip
And I'm lookin.. (lookin..)
Is he in Watts, Oakland, Philly or Brooklyn?
It seems like he got the whole country behind him
so it's sort of hard to find him
But when I do, gotta put my gat in his mouth
Pump seventeen rounds make his brains hang out
Cause the shit he did was uncalled for
tried to fuck a brother up the ass like a small whore
And that shit ain't fly
So now I'm settin up, the ultimate drive-by
And when you hear this shit, 
it make the world say "DAMN! .. I wanna kill Sam."

"Do the niggaz run this moth-er-fuck-er?" [repeat 2X]

[door knocking]
"Momma!!  Some man at the front do'!"
"Sit yo' ass down."
"Uhh hi.. I have reason to believe that someone in this household
has just turned eighteen, am I correct?"

[Verse Two]
Here's why I wanna kill the punk
cause he tried to take a motherfuckin chunk of the funk
He came to my house, I let 'em bail in
cause he said he was down with the L.M.
He gave up a little dap
then turned around, and pulled out a gat
I knew it was a caper
I said, "Please don't kill my mother," so he raped her
Tied me up, took me outside
and I was thrown in a big truck
And it was packed like sardines
Full of niggaz, who fell for the same scheme
Took us to a place and made us work
all day and we couldn't have shit to say
Broke up the families forever
and to this day black folks can't stick together
And it's odd..
Broke us down, made us pray - to his God
And when I think about it, 
it make me say "DAMN! .. I wanna kill Sam."

"I'm comin!" [repeat 3X]

[Verse Three]
Now in ninety-one, he wanna tax me
I remember, the son of a bitch used to axe me
and hang me by a rope til my neck snapped
Now the sneaky motherfucker wanna ban rap
and put me under dirt or concrete
But God, can see through a white sheet
Cause you the devil in drag
You can burn your cross well I'll burn your flag
Try to give me the H-I-V
so I can stop makin babies like me
And you're givin dope to my people chump
Just wait til we get over that hump
Cause yo' ass is grass cause I'ma blast
Can't bury rap, like you buried jazz
Cause we stopped bein whores, stop doin floors
So bitch you can fight your own wars
So if you see a man in red white and blue
gettin janked by the Lench Mob crew
It's a man who deserves to buckle
I wanna kill Sam cause he ain't my motherfuckin Uncle!

"We've gone nowhere in 200 years?"
"That's correct."
"We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years?"
"That's correct."
"We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years?"
"That's correct."

// Horny Little Devil //

[Intro:]

You are the prince of darkness
Arch enemy, father of evil
Hell born, demonic, savage, fierce, viscious, wild
Tameless, barbaric, uncontrollabe, obstinate beast

[Verse One:]

Horny little devil, you gotta back up
Horny little devil, you can't bust a nut
Lookin at my girlfriend's black skin
You wanna jump in, but she don't like white men
So don't throw that work you fuckin jerk
Or get your punk devil ass hurt motherfucker
She ain't with the pale face
Cause y'all fuck at a snail's pace 
And you might get sprayed with mace 
By the ebony
So when she's doing her job you better let her be
Don't try to pinch the gluterus
Thinkin that you about to knock out the uterus
Cause she'll tell you to kiss her ass quick
And where I'm from, devils get their ass kicked
Mr. Sexual Harrasment 
Asking for a blow while the answer is "fuck no"
Looks like you wanna terminate 
But that's when I go Psycho like Norman Bates
I wanna kill the devil for talkin shit
Cause he can't get a taste of the chocolate
African breast; cause white bitches got no butt and no chest
Black women have bodies like goddesses
Sorta like Venus, but put away your penis
Cause the devil is a savage motherfucker
That's why I'm lighter than the average brother
Cause you raped our women and we felt it
But it'll never happen again if I can help it (me neither)
Cause nobody in my neighborhood has caught jungle fever yet
So horny little devil, you better listen
Before your ass comes up missin
and it's like that

[Verse Two:]

Now you wanna get me 
Horny little must be a F-A-G
Tryin to fuck me out my land and my manhood
Got broke eating Spam and canned goods
Locking down on my neighborhoods
Treat me less than a man cause right now you got the upper hand
But my ass is a virgin
You mignt have fucked the Indians
but you can't surgeon me 
And when I'm on top I wont be fuckin ya
I'd rather put a buck in ya
Cause I hate the devil with a passion
and when I see the whites of his eyes I start blastin
Dig a hole and throw his ass in 
And I won't be happy til I'm down to my last ten
Get his fuckin pitchfork
Tie him up, and then feed the bitch pork
Little devil wanna fuck me out my pay
But horny little devil true niggaz aren't gay 
And you can't play with my Yo-Yo
and definitely can't play with me you fuckin homo
Cause we'll blow your head off
And turn that white sheet into a red cloth
Plus when they're all dead 
I can quit that jheri juice and get a bald head
Then let it nap up 
Go down to the corner store and beat the Jap up
Clean all the crap up 
out my city 
Now the whole block look shitty
Put his dick on a wood block
Swing swing swing, and chop chop chop
Now who's the next to nut
Color Me Badd, but you can't sex me up 
So don't even try to put a dick in a die
Because this is what why in 1991 I'ma get my gun
Put an end to the devil, so get a fucking shovel

[repeat chorus]

// Black Korea //

[blends into intro with dialogue from Spike Lee's _Do the Right Thing_]

"Twenty D Energizers."
"Twenty, C Energizer?"
"D, not C, D."
"B Energizer?"
"D motherfucker, D!  Learn to speak english first, alright?  D!"
"How many you say?"
"Twenty, motherfucker, twenty."
"Honey..."
"Mother-fuck you!"

[Ice Cube]
Everytime I wanna go get a fuckin brew
I gotta go down to the store with the two
oriental one-penny countin motherfuckers
that make a nigga made enough to cause a little ruckus
Thinkin every brother in the world's out to take
So they watch every damn move that I make
They hope I don't pull out a gat and try to rob
they funky little store, but bitch, I got a job
("Look you little Chinese motherfucker
I ain't tryin to steal none of yo' shit, leave me alone!"
"Mother-fuck you!")
Yo yo, check it out
So don't follow me, up and down your market
Or your little chop suey ass'll be a target
of the nationwide boycott
Juice with the people, that's what the boy got
So pay respect to the black fist
or we'll burn your store, right down to a crisp
And then we'll see ya!
Cause you can't turn the ghetto - into Black Korea

"I do fuck you!"

// True To The Game //

<Ay, yeah you, motherfucker
You know who I'm talking to
Yeah, you that motherfucker that betrayed your homeboys and you ain't
shit
Yeah, you about to get your motherfucking ghetto pass revoked,
motherfucker
Punk-ass mark, bitch-made
Punk-ass trick in a basket
You got caught up in the mix...>

It's the nigga ya love to hate with a new song
So what really goes on
Nothing but a come-up, but ain't that a bitch
They hate to see a young nigga rich
But I refuse to switch even though
Cause I can't move to the snow
Cause soon as y'all get some dough
Ya wanna put a white bitch on your elbow
Moving out your neighborhood
But I walk through the ghetto and the flavor's good
Little kids jumping on me
But you, you wanna be white and corny
Living way out
"Nigger go home" spray-painted on your house
Trying to be White or a Jew
But ask yourself, who are they to be equal to?
Get the hell out
Stop being an Uncle Tom, you little sell-out
House nigga scum
Give something back to the place where you made it from
Before you end up broke
Fuck around and get your ghetto pass revoked
I ain't saying no names, you know who you are
You little punk, be true to the game

[BREAK]
<Yeah, motherfucker
Yeah, you thought we forgot, huh?
Yeah, get a little money and moves out the neighborhood and shit
But you still ain't shit...>

When you first start rhyming
It started off slow and then you start climbing
But it wasn't fast enough I guess
So you gave your other style a test
You was hardcore hip-hop
Now look at yourself, boy you done flip-flopped
Giving our music away to the mainstream
Don't you know they ain't down with the team
They just sent they boss over
Put a bug in your ear and now you crossed over
On MTV but they don't care
They'll have a new nigga next year
You out in the cold
No more white fans and no more soul
And you might have a heart attack
When you find out the black folks don't want you back
And you know what's worse?
You was just like the nigga in the first verse
Stop selling out your race
And wipe that stupid-ass smile off your face
Niggas always gotta show they teeth
Now I'm a be brief
Be true to the game

[BREAK]
<Yeah motherfucker
I see you got your fancy cars and shit
But you know what?
You still ain't shit
That's right, I caught you slipping
You know I could've gat you
Yeah, but I didn't even trip...>

A message to the oreo cookie
Find a mirror and take a look, G
Do you like what you see?
But you're quick to point the finger at me
You wanna be the big fish, you little guppy
Black man can't be no yuppie
You put on your suit and tie and your big clothes
You don't associate with the Negroes
You wanna be just like Jack
But Jack is calling you a nigga behind your back
So back off genius
I don't need you to correct my broken English
You know that's right
You ain't white
So stop holding your ass tight
Cause you can't pass
So why you keep trying to pass?
With your black ass
Mister Big
But in reality, you're shorter than a midge
You only got yourself to blame
Get a grip, oreo and be true to the game

<And Ice Cube practices what he preaches
He continues to live in South Central Los Angeles
And he puts his money into projects that improve the neighborhood...>

Be true to the game!

// Color Blind //

[Ice Cube]
Here's another day at the stoplight
I'm lookin in my mirror so I can see who can see me
South Central is puttin Ice Cube to the test
With four brothas in the SS
I can't go around and can't back up
So I gotta peep game layin in the cut
Is this a jack or a kidnap?
Since I'm never ever slippin I fully strapped
I grab my gat out the glove
Now, do these fools got a problem with me?
Or do they got love?
So when the light turns green, I don't bone out
I wanna see what these black men are all about
Cuz if it's my time, I'm just short
If not, I'm pluggin they Super Sport
First they get behind my ride...
Then they switch lanes to the left side
I'm scopin out the one smokin indo
Comin up fast, rollin down his window
He threw up a sign, I put away my nine
Fool, cuz I'm color blind

[Threat]
Killa Cali, the state where they kill
Over colors cuz brothas don't know the deal
And they'll cap you, not if they have to
But if they want to, first they might confront you
But every nigga on my block can't stop 
And he won't stop and he don't stop
Not to the bang bang boogie, but they like to gangbang
And rookies ain't the only ones that drop
Some say the little locs are gettin a little too loc'ed
And when it comes to dust, they kick up the most
Say the wrong word 
then whistle down the street to your homies like a bird
Bust a u-turn, come back and get served nigga
For the women, it don't matter how loud they blouse get
But men, the wrong color outfit, could get your mouth split
It's a shame, but it ain't no thang to me
Cuz I slang these thangs like a G
It's on, is anybody killin for the summertime
I gotta get another nine, even though I'm colorblind

[KAM]
I'm fresh outta county on bail
And no sooner do I get out, seems like I'm right back in jail
For some gang related activity
Cuz everyday, different fools try to get with me
For no more than a color, or territory
Can't rehabilitate 'em, that's the sheriff's story
So what's left, the judge goes deaf
When you try to tell your side
And you ain't blue eyed
Boy you better duck cuz the book is comin'
And just hand your car keys over to your woman
Because it aint no sunshine where you headed
And the shit'll drive you crazy if you let it
But now, I got time to think
Because they hit me with everything but the kitchen sink
And I ain't even shed a tear
Cuz believe it or not, they got more love for me here
Now picture that, but on a black and white photograph
Cuz brothas, you don't know the half
On the streets I was damn near outta my mind
But ever since I've been down
I'm colorblind

[WC]
Now here's the game plan, yo, at a quarter to nine
I was told to peel a cap on the other side
Yo, young and dumb, full of come up, a baby loc
I gotta put in work for the hood and that ain't no joke

[Coolio]
Stable and able but I'm not ready and willin
Cuz I'm only 13 and I ain't never did a killin
Grabbed the A.K. and jumped in the G ride
Started up the bucket and headed for the other side

[WC]
Yo, spotted the enemies, now I'm on a creep tip
Hit the 5 dollar stick and then I put in my clip

[Coolio]
So, I jumped out the car and no matter what the cost
I had my mind set on sendin niggaz to Harrison Ross

[WC]
Caught one from the back and I looked in eyes 
Thinkin should I peel his cap, or should I let him survive
Yo, I'm trapped in the plan designed by another side

[Coolio]
I ain't contributin to genocide (why?)
Cuz I'm colorblind

[King Tee]
Niggaz in the hood ain't changed
And I've finally figure out that we're not in the same gang
Cuz, I walk the alleys of Compton with nowhere to turn
Every which way I get burned baby
Lou wears blue, Big Fred wears red
Put 'em together and we color 'em dead
Dead, dyin, gettin smoked like part of the fun
They get smoked just to show how many come to the funeral

[J-Dee (Lench Mob)]
I understand how all my homeboys feel
Cuz I was shot and to this day, I pack my steel
Cuz I was born in a certain territory
Where you don't talk only the streets tell stories
With blue and red bandanas on the street
And if you slippin, you'll be six feet deep
Cuz me and T-bone, we pay it no mind
And for the rest of the mob, we stay color blind. . .

// Doing Dumb Shit //

<O'Shea!  O'Shea!
Get your ass in here, boy
You hear me calling you?
O'Shea!>

When I was young I used to hang with the seventh graders
Little bad motherfucker playing Space Invaders
Fucking with the girls in the fourth grade
Either feeling on they butts or pulling on they braids
Walking with the schoolhouse bully
By doing that, I had a lot of pull, G
Cheating on tests, making a mess
Cussing like a sailor at recess
It must a been a half moon
Cause you'll catch me running out the little girls' bathroom
Chewing on Good and Plenties
Got my gamble on at lunch pitching pennies
Yo I was living like the class clown
Pulling all the hokes, making all the jokes man
When you young it's hard to see
That it's wrong throwing rocks at the RTD
Popping out your window with a BB gun
Better yet knocking on your door and run
Playing hide-and-go-get-it for a little stank
Even though I was still shooting blanks
As soon as the dark hit
I was stealing candy out the corner market
Until I got my ass whipped
Cause I was ten years old, doing dumb shit

Thirteen, that's how old I was
When my jimmy started getting a little peach fuzz
And I was looking at any butt and ass
Me and my homies started cutting class
Going up to the high school
Looking for any bitch I could lie to
Tell em I was older than I really was
Smoked my first joint and got really buzzed
That's what a mack's made of
But when I got my first piece of pussy I fell in love
Hard as a rock the long way
And then I put the rubber on the wrong way
But I still gotta have it
Overexcited and fucking like a jackrabbit
Goddamn I was hot
A virgin but I still knew how to lay pipe
Even though the hoe worked me
I still knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque
Then the shit got strange money
I started shaking and jimmy felt funny
Then the nut came gushing
I jumped up got dressed and start pushing
Cause I thought the bitch broke my dick
Cause I was still young doing dumb shit

At 17 got my first Volkswagon
And mastered the life-long art of dragging
To the women in college
Hung out with the OG's and got some street knowledge
Breaking in cars and all that
Hitting punk fools with a baseball bat
Fucking at a real fast rate
Til they said that I might not graduate
Then I said fuck the dumb shit
Cause Pops'll fuck me up quick
If things continued
So I start rapping about shit I been through
And I got real good
Now I look at all the kids in the neighborhood
Trying to be baby macks
Doing shit that I did seven years back
Going through a stage
But before they can grow up they on the front page
And they mommas is having a fit
Cause they died young doing dumb shi

// Us //

[Verse One:]

Could you tell me who released our animal instinct?
Got the white man sittin' there tickled pink.
Laughin' at us on the avenue
Bustin' caps at each other after havin' brew
We can't enjoy ourselves
Too busy jealous... Of each other's wealth
Commin' up is just in me
But the Black community is full of envy
Too much back-stabbin'
While I look up the street I see all the japs grabbin'
Every vacant lot in my neighborhood
Build a store, and sell their goods
To the county of sips (?)
You know us po niggas: nappy hair and big lips?
Four or five babies on your crotch
And you expect Uncle Sam to help us out?
We ain't nothin' but porchmonkeys
To the average bigot, redneck honky
You say comin' up is a must
But before we can come up, take a look at US

[Verse Two:]

And all y'all dope-dealers...
Your as bad as the po-lice- cause ya kill us
You got rich when you started slangin' dope
But you ain't built us a supermarket
So when can spend our money with the blacks
Too busy buyin' gold an' Caddilacs
That's what ya doin' with the money that ya raisin'
Exploitin' us like the Caucasians did
For 400 years - I got 400 tears- for 400 peers
Died last year from gang-related crimes
That's why I got gang-related rhymes
But when I do a show ta kick some facts
Us Blacks don't know how ta act
Sometimes I believe the hype, man
We're messin' up ourselves and blame the white man
But don't point the finger you jiggaboo
Take a look at yourself ya dumb nigga you
Pretty soon hip-hop won't be so nice
No Ice Cube, just Vannilla Ice
And yall sit and scream and cus
But there's no one ta blame- but US

[Verse Three:]

US ... will always sing the blues
'Cause all we care about is hairstyles and tennis shoes
But if ya step on mine ya pushed a button
"Cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin'
Just like a beast
But I'm the first nigga ta holler out {PEACE, BLACK MAN}
I beat my wife and children to a pulp
When I get drunk and smoke dope
Got a bad heart condition
Still eat hog-mogs an' chitlin's
Bet my money on the dice and the horses
Jobless, so I'm a hope for the armed forces
Go to church but they tease us
Wit' a picture of a blue-eyed Jesus
They used to call me Negro
After all this time I'm still bustin up the chiffarobe
No respect and didn't know it
And I'm havin' more babies than I really can afford
In jail 'cause I can't pay the mother
Held back in life because of my color
Now this is just a little summary
Of US, but yall think it's dumb of me
To put a mirror to ya face, but trust
Nobody gives a fuck about...

// No Vaseline //

God damn, I'm glad ya'll set it off.
Used to be hard, now you're just wet and soft.
First you was down with the AK,
And now I see you on a video with Michel'le?
Lookin' like straight bozos.
I saw it comin', that's why I went solo.
And kept on stompin',
When ya'll motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton.
Livin' with the whites, one big house,
And not another nigga in sight.
I started off with too much cargo,
Dropped four niggas now I'm makin' all the dough.
White man just rulin'.
The Niggas With Attitudes -- who ya foolin'?
Ya'll niggas just phony,
I put that on my mama and my dead homies.
Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losin';
Ay yo Dre, stick to producin'.
Callin' me Arnold, but you Been-a-dick;
Eazy E saw your ass and went in it quick.
You got jealous when I got my own company,
But I'm a man, and ain't nobody helpin' me.
Tryin' to sound like America's Most,
You could yell all day but you don't come close.
'Cause you know I'm the one that flown,
Ya done run 100 miles, but you still got one to go.
With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B, and ya'll disgrace the C-P-T.
'Cause you're gettin' fucked out your green by a white boy,
With no Vaseline...

[Refrain]
[L.L. sample:] "Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline..." [3x]
[Biz Markie sample:] "Damn, it feels good to see people...on it"

The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin',
Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain?
You're gettin' fucked real quick,
And Eazy's dick, is smellin' like MC Ren's shit.
Tried to tell you a year ago,
But Willie D told me to let a hoe be a hoe, so
I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked,
Now let's play big-bank-take-little-bank.
Tried to dis Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it
'Cause the broomstick fit your ass so perfect.
Cut my hair and I'll cut them balls,
'Cause I heard you're, like, givin' up the drawers.
Gang-banged by your manager, fella,
Gettin' money out your ass, like a motherfucking Ready Teller.
Givin' up the dollar bills,
Now they got the Villain with a purse and high-heels.
So don't believe what Ren say,
'Cause he's goin' out like Kunte Kinte,
But I got a whip for ya Toby;
Used to be my homey, now you act like you don't know me.
It's a case of divide-and-conquer,
'Cause you let a Jew break up my crew.
House nigga gotta run and hide,
Yellin' Compton, but you moved to Riverside.
So don't front, MC Ren, 'cause I remember when you drove a B 2-10.
Broke as a motherfucking joke.
Let you on the scene to back up the Verse Team.
It ain't my fault, one nigga got smart,
And they rippin' your asshole apart.
By takin' your green, oh yeah,
The Villain does get fucked with no Vaseline.

[Refrain scratched]

I never have dinner with the President.
I never have dinner with the President.
I never have dinner with the President.
And when I see your ass again, I'll be hesitant.
Now I think you a snitch,
Throw a house nigga in a ditch.
Half-pint bitch, fuckin' your homeboys.
You little maggot; Eazy E turned faggot.
With your manager, fella,
Fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella.
But if they were smart as me,
Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree.
With no Vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline.
Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on...
Till that Jheri curl is gone.
On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation.
Heard you both got the same bank account,
Dumb nigga, what you thinkin' bout?
Get rid of that Devil real simple, put a bullet in his temple.
'Cause you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew
With a white Jew tellin' you what to do.
Pullin' wools with your scams, now I gotta play the Silence of the Lambs.
With a midget who's a punk too,
Tryin' to fuck me, but I'd rather fuck you.
Eric Wright, punk, always into somethin', gettin' fucked at night.
By Mista Shitpacker, bend over for the goddamn cracker, no Vaseline...

// Only One Me //

That's some gangsta shit
Check the original, y'all niggas digital
The pyroclastic flow, this insane

Motherfuckers love me
Young ass niggas they wanna thug for me
Wish I was the Godfather, sell drugs for me
But all they can do is tap cause for me
Look homie, you can be my cronie
If you figure how to get a check out of Sony
Oh Lord, thought I was preaching to the choir
When I'm in this pulpit I might catch some fire
Glass full of gas, do you got a lighter?
Hand full of ass, why should I retire
The shit I spit might inspire the messiah
To throw these lives in a lake full of fire
Ain't nothing flier than my fuckin' rims and my tires
And a word to the wise, you better fuckin' recognize
That I been on the block since bitches did the wop
Since Floyd and Damien kept rocks in they socks, nigga
Taught 2Pac how to keep it gangsta
I showed Biggie Smalls how to release his anger
Who came before me? Melle Mel, Ice T
King T, KRS and the homie Chuck D
P.E, DMC, nigga know your history
If Cube ain't top 3, then you's a bitch to me
Ice Cube, the name will live in infamy
Ask the young nigga that invented Eazy-E
West Coast bitch, yeah that's all me
With Too Short and the D-R-E
We made it too hard, check our family tree
See you try to make a Snapple out of all them bad apples
Nigga no
Leave you baffled and gaffled
And running through your house like it's a motherfuckin' raffle
I'm a asshole with Tabasco, you the last ho I would ask for
If I had to leave Morehouse and walk into a ho house
The drink that I pour out, the weed that I blow out
It's all for my nigga Big Hurt, when I show out
Picture this in a frame, get torn out
When I wanna go out, red carpets get rolled out

There's a lot of you's, there's only one of me
They are not confused by a wannabe
There's a lot of you's, there's only one of me
They are not confused by a wannabe
Original, original, I'm the prototype
Original, original, he the copy right
Original, original, I'm the prototype
Original, original, he the copy right

So what you from the gutter
We all had to struggle if you got a black mother
We all had to scrap with our uncles and our brothers
Bedroom window, no curtains, used covers
Motherfucker always claim to be the hardest
But these motherfuckers never claim to be the smartest
I'm a artist that'll paint your rigor mortis
You silly rabbit nigga, here come the tortoise
Fast is smooth and smooth is slow
And that's how you get it, 20 years in a row
Advance how you get 20 years in a hole
Bet 10 that you ass ain't got no soul
Grab that cold ass white man steel
Cap pills, run like an oil spill
Big drills, found him in the landfill
You got 30 years but you my man still
Fuck them tears, Tony Montana
Caught you in Montana, extradited to Atlanta
This ain't the banana nigga, this is Alabama
Nail in your coffin when the judge rock the hammer, nigga

There's a lot of you's, there's only one of me
They are not confused by a wannabe
There's a lot of you's, there's only one of me
They are not confused by a wannabe
Original, original, I'm the prototype
Original, original, he the copy right
Original, original, I'm the prototype
Original, original, he the copy right

Gangsta Shit!

// Dominate The Weak //

Wake up, homie, hey
Them people, they coming
Listen
Wake up
Ayy, you got to get up
Ayy, them folks is at the door, man
Get up
Get up

They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak

This ain't paranoia, this is California
Best believe, motherfucker, that they coming for ya
Got the place surrounded, don't know how they found it
Man, fuck that money, ain't no time to count it
Got to get to movin', only God can save us
This is the day they try to re-enslave us
Grow my hair long, Angela Davis
So I can get recognized by the space invaders
Storm troopers, have you heard the latest?
They'll treat your living room like the Oakland Raiders
Take all your books, you ain't patriotic
You psychotic, your neighbors call you neurotic
Put you on the news and tweet about ya
These bitches won't say nothin' sweet about ya
Can I get a witness? (Now) Can't get a witness (Now)
Just brainwashing motherfuckers is a dirty business

They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up

While you on that Xbox, they closing in
You'll believe me when that front door is blowing in
They going in and they'll tackle everybody
Grandmama, grandbaby, shackle everybody
Interrupt your party, put down your drinks
Or they'll blow your nose off like the fucking Sphinx
Catch you by surprise around sunrise
When I go to sleep, I sleep with one eye
I sleep with one nine, I sleep with booby traps
And my dogs don't fuck with no Scooby snacks
I'm die-hard, I brought the movie back
Some of y'all try-hards, some of y'all don't do that
Some of y'all dumb as rocks, some of y'all sharp as a tack
Some of y'all clowns, some serious as a heart attack
I'ma fuck the police, nigga, yeah, I started that
Some of y'all scary niggas, come and be a part of that

They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up

Underwater flow, shit is getting deep
Them fuckers tried to drown the aqua boogie freak
But I'm a octopus, especially when I got to push
When shit is fishy, my trigger finger get itchy
All you sissies, I'm a general like Ulysses
Fuck with me, I'm incredible like Bill Bixby
I never sleep, cut off my eyelids
Insomniac, maniac, I'm a hybrid
Bitch, I'm a pirate, they call me Blackbeard
I sail the seven seas, ho, I'm off the grid
It's the ultimate, baby, I'm the bulk of it
The whole package, a nigga with no baggage
It's kind of tragic when you driving through Irvine
Is this Germany, 1939?
I'm a gangsta boy, not the nerdy kind
They got a dirty mind, all about the dollar sign

They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak
They put the sheep to sleep
And dominate the weak

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up

// Trying To Maintain //

I'm just tryin' to maintain (Maintain)
I'm just tryin' to maintain (Maintain)

To everybody tryin' to maintain (Maintain)
And keep they name out the mainframe
Yeah, we all in the same gang
Yeah, we all with the bang-bang
Been a vet, nigga, broke the internet
'Cause they can't fuck with my intellect
Yeah, nigga, all y'all followers
Follow every word like swallowers
Wanna catch it when I spit it
Fuck a critic and his analytics
I don't fit in your formula
I only fit in your bitch, I'm warning ya
Please don't feed the animals
When they got they face covered in pantyhose
Niggas ain't nothin' nice
Take your grandmama chain and your life

'Cause we all tryin' to maintain
'Cause we all tryin' to maintain
I'm just tryin' to maintain (Maintain)
I'm just tryin' to maintain (Maintain)

To everybody tryin' to maintain
With a little Mary Jane on the campaign
Whip by you in the fast lane
Only act like this 'cause of Black pain
Fuck your cancel culture, bitch
You can't cancel a soldier, trick
See, I thought I told ya
Drunk or sober, tell you when it's over
Slap the shit out a troller
I kill shit like Ebola
I'm the sun, I'm the solar
Your baby mind is in a stroller
Too much game for the peabrain
I have no alliance to no Greek names
Some of y'all down with the fucking royals
I'm only down for the fucking soil (That's right)

And I'm just tryin' to maintain
And I'm just tryin' to maintain
Without goin' insane (Crazy)
Without blowin' out your brains

I just wanna maintain
Do what I do, let my nuts hang
The insane never explain
'Cause all we wanna do is them big thangs
Checkmate if you trick-made
Out here lookin' for that clickbait
You need to hustle on that computer
I'm a rooster always thinkin' 'bout the future
And I'ma smoke it like a chimney
Sippin' on Henny, sayin' fuck 2020
Some of y'all ain't worth a penny
I keep it one thousand and keep you dialed in
Pull up, my niggas pile in
Now I'm with the wolfs and we howlin'
Profilin' and we stylin'
Sad motherfuckers, get your violin

If you're just tryin' to maintain
If you're just tryin' to maintain

I'm just tryin' to maintain (Maintain)
Yo, I'm just tryin' to maintain (I'm just tryin' to maintain)
I'm just tryin' to maintain (I'm just tryin' to maintain)
I'm just tryin' to maintain

