Album: KillAtWill

// Jackin For Beats //

[Intro:]

Wait a minute, hold on, get your ass up
Whassup nigga?
Get over there... shit
Ya lil punk ass nigga
C'mere, c'mere, c'mere boy
God damnit you stop that shit now
Take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house
Now wait a minute, wait a minute, hey man
Whassup?
Wait a minute?
There are police, go!

[Verse One:]

Give me that beat fool, it's a full time jack move
Chilly Chill, yo homie mack the track move
And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank
That's the name of the SUCKERS I done ganked
I get away from a copper
Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin proper
With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B
T-Bone and that's J.D.
And here's how we'll greet ya
Stop fool, come off that beat ya
feel dumb cause you're caught in the dark
(ya lil nuttin ass mark)
Raise up, cause you cant' have it back
You said - "I ain't never got gaffled like that"
Off the end of the gat you choke
Short Dog's in the house - "Whattup loc?"
Nuttin but a come up
Gimme that bass, and don't try to run up
Cause you'll get banked somethin sweet
Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin for beats

[Verse Two:]

Huh, and even if you're down with my crew
(Yo Chuck man, i dodn't understand this man
You got to slow down)
I jack them too
And then we'll freak it
Kick that bass, and look what we did
Fade the grade, played, and made a few mil
and I keep stealin
Ice Cube'll make it funky
But right about now - *let's get up in the hump*
But I don't party and shake my butt
I leave that to the brothers with the funny haircurs
And it'll drive you nuts
Steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch
Like jackin at night
Say hi to the three fifty-seven I'm packin
And it sounds so sweet
Ice Cube and the Lench Mob, is jackin for beats

[Verse Three:]

Ice Cube, will take a funky beat and reshape it
Locate a dope break, and then I break it
And give it that gangsta lean
Dead in your face as I turn up the bass
I make punk suckers run and duck because
I don't try to hide cause you know that I love to
jack a fool for his beat and then I'm Audi
So when I come to your town don't crowd me
Cause I know, you're gonna wanna kick it with me
But I know, none of y'all can get with me
So you think you're protected
Well you are til you put a funky beat on a record
Then I have to show and prove and use your groove
Cause suckers can't fade the Cube
And if I jack you and you keep comin
I'll have you marks a 100 Miles and Running!

(stop stop stop stop stop!
sa-prize, niggaz)

// Get Off My Dick And Tell Yo Bitch To Come Here (Remix) //

[Flavor Flav] Stay off his dick!

Nigga, some don't think I can flow, so here we go 
to a new track, to show the wack, that I can throw
styles that show up, I blow up and blast here
Niggaz still trippin off the shit I said last year
About a bitch is a bitch is a hoe is a slut
And I don't like niggaz on my nuts!
So I dedicate this one to the groupie
And the Charlie, all on my Snoopy
Brothers keep askin, "Ice Cube yo when will you bust"
They surround me and make a big fuss
Now I was taught, back on my block
That you don't ride on nobody's jock
for anything they do, FUCK him and his crew
Unless, you were gettin paid too!
I'm not saying this to diss each and every fan
Women you can ride, man be a man!
Shake my hand, and make it a FIRM shake
Say, "Whattup Ice Cube?" and then break
Cause if you're hangin there I'ma tell you loud and clear
Get off my my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here

[cut n scratch of Flavor Flav saying "stay off his dick"
and Ice Cube saying "all on my Snoopy"]

[cut n scratch of Flavor Flav saying "yo yo check this out"
and Ice Cube saying "I'ma tell you loud and clear"]

[Ice Cube]
Motherfucker, back up off me
I'm not signin no autographs, I'm not givin no free t-shirts
And I'm not HAVIN none of this bullshit you're talkin
YouknowhatI'msayin?

("Get off my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here")

I step into the club, to rub-a-dub
It seems like all the little hoes fall in love
with my money, cause yo about a year ago
I was just your ordinary average everyday crazy ass bro
But you know, I just can't be equal
Cause they know, I know a lot of famous people
But to a one-night stand, there's no sequel
Here's the pickle, pretend it's a popsicle
See for a fat booty, I do damage
They think I'm a star, so I take advantage
It's just another Ice Cube groupie test
She's a hoe cause they knew her at the front desk
Told her to meet me, at the room 110
And the bitch showed up, with her boyfriend
I let him in, all he could do was grin
He had a camera, a t-shirt, a pad and pen
He said, "Yo Ice Cube, can you sign this?"
I only did it cause his bitch was the finest
She blew me a kiss and gave a bitter frown
Like - how can we get rid of this clown?
Me and her sat down, he got a little jealous
Cause his punk ass sat in the middle of us
And he asked me question after question
It felt like a motherfuckin interview session
Then his girl got up, I heard the do' shut
And he was still there, swingin from my nuts
I said, "Get the FUCK out!" and made it loud and clear
Get off my dick nigga, and tell your bitch to come here

I see me about ten mark ass motherfuckers fans
knock on the door, talkin about whassup?

Yo man, it was about a hundred and twenty dicks man
Niggaz start, niggaz comin out of hotel rooms
without no bitches!

They can get gaffled like they in a motherfuckin raffle
Punk ass

[Ice Cube]
Yo, I respect the respectable
If your girl is all on my dick, check the hoe
Say, "Yeah that nigga he can rap fly
But you know, stars are up in the sky"
Cause all I got is hard dick, and bubblegum
Just ran out my last stick is where I'm comin from
I'm not tellin you to diss Mr. Ice Cube
Cause you know, I'm the one that can show and prove
Now groupie girls, I just make em wait
But the groupie boys, I can't tolerate
I hate it so much, I'ma start givin stitches
to the niggaz that's starin like bitches
Cause I'm not a fairy, a Mary or a faggot
Gimme the eye, I'll fly, and tag it
Now you see?  Jockin ain't healthy
Cause you think that I'm young and I'm wealthy?
With juice, so I see you try to run behind
But I'ma tell you punk, you gets none of mine
Cause I was taught, see a fool, use a fool
by the niggaz who terrorized the old school
So don't try me or buy me a beer
Just stay off my dick nigga [echoes]

// The Product //

I was told, cause I didn't witness the whole act
In and out was the movement of the bozack
It was hot and sweaty and lots of pushin
Then the nut came gushin
And it was hell tryin to bail to the ovary
With nuttin but the Lord lookin over me
I was white with a tail
But when I reached the finish line, young black male!
One cell made two, and two cells made fo'
and so on, so now I'm a embryo
Then I got a hunch
that I'ma be on lockdown, for nine months
Chillin, with my mother to guide me
And nuttin but a stomach to hide me
from all that worry and bullshit
Nine months later, I elbow pull and kick
cause my time is up and I don't care
With one big push, I'm outta there
June 15th, it's just my luck
In 1969, a nigga is the product

"Ghetto ass nigga, you ain't shit,
and you ain't gon' never be shit!"

I learned how to walk and talk and all that
They put me in school, but it don't matter
Cause I'm sittin in history
Learnin bout a sucker, who didn't give a fuck about me
They try to shape us
But I know Uncle Sam is a motherfuckin rapist
So I stopped payin attention
Ice Cube, headed, straight to detention
Fuck that shit, I roam the hallways
I'm sent home and I don't got all A's
A high school dropout
My father had beef so I tried to knock pops out
But I got tossed, he's the boss
I'm out of there and mad cause I lost
Now bein on my own is a factor
So I become, the neighborhood jacker
Gimme your car, run your jewels
Makin a livin robbin fools
And if I let my nine rang out
You know, it'll make your brains hang out
So what's your fate?
Am I the nigga you love, or the one you love to hate?
The wrong answer is said, the nigga fled
I pump lead, now he's in a puddle of red
And if you got a buck, you're shit out of luck
Stuck up by the motherfuckin product

"Uh-uh motherfucker you gots to get a job
if you wanna stay in my motherfuckin house"

"Many young men reject the traditional values
that are important to their parents.
Church, school and family
have been replaced by street, turf, and gang."

Twenty-one now, and paid in full
Feelin bad, from all the shit I pulled
on people back in the day
Plus, I got a little baby on the way
So I'm tryin to go straight
I'm with my baby's momma, out on a date
Til the punk ass cops ran my plate
Now I'm on a bus upstate

"Oh, the young nigga done caught a case!"
"Sittin in the mess hall, sayin my grace" [LL Cool J]

Sent to a concrete hoe-house
Where all the products go, no doubt
Yo momma, I gotta do eleven
Livin in a five by seven
Dear baby, your man's gettin worn out
of seein young boys gettin they assholes torn out
And then he got shanked with a spoon
And he was 'sposed to get out soon
Is it my fault, he was caught in production
Where a young black life means nothin
Just because, I didn't want to learn your grammar
you say I'm better off in the slammer
And it's drivin me batty
Cause my little boy, is missin daddy
I'm ashamed, but the fact is
I wish pops let me off on the mattress
Or should I just hang from the top bunk
But that's goin out like a punk
My life is FUCKED!
But it ain't my fault, cause I'm the motherfuckin product

"He ain't shit"

// Dead Homiez //

[Verse One:]

Up early in the morning, dressed in black
Don't ask why? 'Cause I'm down in a suit and tie
They killed a homie that I went to school with (Damn!)
I tell ya life ain't shit to fool with
I still hear the screams of his mother
While my nigga laid dead in the gutter (Shit!)
And it's getting to my temple
Why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo?
It makes me so mad I want to get my sawed-in
And have some bodies hauled in
But no, I pay my respects and I'm through (whaddup Cube?)
Hug my crew, and maybe shed a tear or two
And I wanna get blitz
Grab my 40 ounce and then I reminisce
About a brother who had to be the one and only
So I dedicate this to my dead homiez...

[Verse Two:]

Another homie got murdered on a shakedown [three gun shots]
And his mother is at the funeral, havin' a nervous breakdown
Two shots hit him in the face when they blasted [two gun shots]
A framed picture and a closed casket
A single file line about 50 cars long
All drivin' slow with they lights on
He got a lot of flowers and a big wreath
What good is that when you're six feet deep?
I look at that shit and gotta think to myself
And thank God for my health
'Cause nobody really ever know
When it's gonna be they family on the front row
So I take everything slow, go with the flow
And shut my motherfuckin' mouth if I don't know (Word!)
'Cause that's what Pops told me
But I wish he could have said it...to my dead homiez

[Verse Three:]

I remember we painted our names on the wall for fun
Now it's "Rest in Peace" after every one
Except me, but I ain't the one to front
Seems like I'm viewin' a body after every month
Plus, I knew him when he was yea big
Pour beer on the curb before I take a swig
But somethin' ain't right
When it's a tragedy, that's the only time that the family's tight
Lovin' each other in a caring mood
There's lots of people and lots of food
They say "Be Strong" and you're tryin'
But how strong can you be when you see your Pops cryin'?
So that's why Ice Cube's dressed up
Because the city is so fuckin' messed up
And everybody is so phony
Take a little time...to think about your dead homiez.

