Album: WarPeaceVol1TheWarDisc

// Ask About Me //

[hook]
[Mr. Short Khop, (Ice Cube)]

I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me)

I check it in in the Dirty South (a-yeay)

I check it in in the Mid-West (hustle, man)

I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang)

(Look at me)

(Don Matta')

(Poppa Don)

[Ice Cube]

Check my blood pressure,

they think they fresher than the Don

Prescription pills to keep me calm,

Nigga, I'm da bomb!

In the black Testerosa,

Sippin' on Mimosa,

A bleedin' ?nosa?

I'm in the West, we ain't got the ?nego?

Give me Sicko kilos from Puerto Rico

When I okay it,

So much cheese, you got to weigh it

Never thought these niggaz was the feds

"Freeze" was the sound

I started lettin' off rounds,

lay the whole fuckin' room down

I don't wanna see Your Honor, 

Ratha eat pirhana from Benny Hana,

Smokin' marijuana in my sauna,

I done hade it with these attics and faggots,

They them rattic causin' static,

bring me my A-U-T-O-matic,

oh niggaz wanna se how we ride

Bitch, you know the muthafuckin' side,

world muthafuckin' wide.

[Chorus]

Make yo' hustle official,

And them niggaz that's wit' you,

gotta push tha issue,

on the fools that dis you,

whether pump or pistol,

when it's up in yo' gristle,

hand yo' mama a tissue,

If I decide to kiss you.

[hook] (replace "a-yeay" with "Ask about me")


Can you dig her?

It's the bigger, seven-figure, super nigga

Wit' the triggas at yo' dome, 

we like to roam,

Through yo' muthafuckin' home like a comb

and find the money that's gone

And we'll take you, shake you,

break you, take two,

play you on wit' the chrome,

nigga shoot!

Execute, they try to electrocute

I got too much loot

Ya say I'm on yo' hit list,

You niggaz miss,

tryin' to turn my muthafuckin' cheese into Swiss

Rappers make bucks and I can hear it,

hard to fear it,

'Cuz I know you grew up on my lyrics

It's the boss player,

never lost hair over assholes,

blast holes in you muthafuckin' tadpoles

Like a bullfrog,

nigga I'm a bullhog,

guppies get worked like puppies by the bulldog

Where millions never gave a fuck about Sicilians,

or killas on T.V. can see,

we got the real ones

So check yo' muthafuckin CD-Rom

and your World Wide Web, dot com,

It's the Don Mega!

[chorus]
[hook]

[Mr. Short Khop, (Ice Cube)]

What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang) [x3]

What cha call it? (Hustle, man)

[Ice Cube]

Ask About me  [x2]

// Pushin' Weight //

[Ice Cube]

Yeah, yeah

Blaze one for the nation

Brrrrr

Brrrrr

Brrrrr

[Verse 1:  Ice Cube]

I got lyrics that wake up spirits

They told me how to make big hits and spend digits

Can you dig it?

You fed, you dead, see red

My lead, yo head, I fed

Like you shit

I got rhymes push that shit like weight

My nigga Lincoln help me navigate

Thru this hate retaliate, it's official

I got that bomb, bomb, diddy, diddy, diddy, bomb, bomb

When I hit you

Push the issue

My ghetto dope is amazin

The bitch that's with you already know that I'm blazin

That's by the number, we can slumber, on the under

Girl no wonder, you got a ass full of thunder

The frozen Tundra ain't cold enough

And baby ain't old enough

For this game I'm rollin up

De-zamn it feels good to be the don

Straight legit, while niggas like Gotti just sit

[Chorus:  Ice Cube]

A yeah yeah

I push rhymes like weight

I push rhymes like weight
[4X]

[Verse 2:  Ice Cube]

I hold zone like a Corleone

No more fuckin with that homegrown

Hit the shit we on

The rolleo's and the baggetts

You still fuckin with them faggets

We turn haters into maggets

Oak on the dash, but no coke on the hash

You broke ass niggas learn to mash, like me

Constantly, put the hustle down

With four or five niggas that's musclebound

Send your head to the taxidermist

Won't be satisfied, till I get my face on a thermos

You got to earn this, you can't take it

Can't fake it, got to live it, or we gots to visit

Who is it, the exquisite, Don Mega

Walkin with my entourage, I think I'm betta, makin chedda

You see me sag in my Jag, with the rag recognize the flag

You betta get back, everybody wanna do it like me

I got it made, been makin rap money since the tenth grade

(Ch-ching)

(since the tenth grade)

(Ch-ching)

(What you need)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:  Mr. Short Khop]

I keeps a firm grip on my shit when in transit

Uncandid, it's the young bandit

Fresh out the trenches, the wood works

City of the ?Tempeon?, where the hoods lurk

In search of the rich blocks, to lick spots, and kick rocks

From shattered glass, down the pig locks

Want tips by the clock

You niggas scramblin for fouyan

And settle for crumbs and croutans

I'm out for armored bucks and armored trucks, with armed killas

Bitch niggas get swallowed by the armadillos

Ain't no harmin me, the army full honary niggas you can't see

So while you pace bitches and saturns livin jenky

I hangs with niggas who got patterns on they hankey

After Ben Frankeys, with the big skullen eyes

You niggas bound and nullified

Sit back and mine stack it multiply

[Chorus:  Ice Cube and Mr. Short Khop]
[IC] A yeah yeah
[MSK] I push rhymes like weight
[MSK] I push rhymes like weight
[2X]
[IC] A yeah yeah
[IC] I push rhymes like weight
[IC] I push rhymes like weight
[2X]

[Ice Cube (starts during chorus)]

Ask about me

Worldwide baby

Worldwide baby (A yeah yeah)

Ice Cube makin more money in the rap game

Than some of you can (A yeah yeah) with a bird in your hand

Puttin it down

We wanted in fifty states for this weight

(A yeah yeah)

Pushin rhymes like weight

Pushin rhymes like weight

(A yeah yeah)

Yeah, blaze one for the nation

(A yeah yeah)

You know my name

You know my name

(A yeah yeah)

You know my name

[Mr. Short Khop]

Yeah, some of you fools just got in it

and think you gonna change the game

You ain't changin nothin

[Ice Cube]

I been doin this, I been doin this

Ask about me

Ask about me

// Dr. Frankenstein //

Supreme gangsta shit

We dream gangsta shit
[rain pouring] Yes [electric shock, beaker tingling]

Yes [knock on dorr]

Yeah what is it? [continual knocking on door]

What is it?!? (Doctor, is everything alright?)

Yes, I'm straight, go to bed [thunder claps]
[animal screams] Yeah! Yeah!
[woman screaming] It's ALIVE!

[Ice Cube]

It's pourin rain, thunder and lightning

Clash of the titans, I'm home writin

Gangsta rap has arrived, I'm the only man alive

October 31st, 1985

Hard times, just got harder

Adolescent Ice Cube, the shit starter

A martyr, thanks to the father

for bein this mean as sixteen raps, feel like the bitch scream

You learned about your triple beam from me

You stopped payin for pussy and hit that ass for free

A little G never thought, that I could change the world

witta attitude, a Raider jacket and a jheri curl

Got every girl wantin to do me, screw me

Boyz N The Hood, the first rap, the first movie

Oooh wee *woman screaming* it's alive

So whatchu gon' do 24-7, 3-65

Dr. Frankenstein

Dr. Frankenstein

[Mr. Short Khop - x2]

Ooooh wee, it's alive

You better run and hide

Cover your ears and your eyes

[Ice Cube]

The world had to bow to this new style

Dial 9-1-1, makin more money than the law allow

But Fuck Tha Police, they can get deez

Now who was sayin shit like that before me?

No-body, but everybody wanna take the star's place

and be Scarface in the car chase

Illigitimate, counterfeit

Even got white boys talkin shit off the shit I invent

No no, motherfuckers musta took a photo

Tryin to call my gangsta shit 'mafioso'

but who ya usin? Fool it ain't no solution

to the evolution, of pimps and prostitution

I cuss, skanlous, I give a rush

to niggas who mind turn to mush, smokin on brush

Hush, I'm just a lush for this Hen

Chrome electroids, connected to my pen

When, blowin motherfuckers ain't knowin what we goin through

Spiritually, lyrically showin you

They call me, 'AmeriKKKa's Most Hated'

Gettin liberated by this monster I created

Dr. Frankenstein

[Mr. Short Khop]

We love to bump you Frankenstein

Yo' shit is the best

Take my body and my mind

Don't fuck with the stress

Hit me with that game to win

If you want, hit me again

We love you Frankenstein

We love you Frankenstein

[Ice Cube]

Now how many times did a nigga have to warn ya?

Ya fuckin up the formula (call the coroner)

It's outta hand, cos sucker ass niggas like you

try to pay the rent off my blueprint

New cent to the industry

You thought my shit was biodegradable, uh uh, it's unfadeable

Unstoppable, runnin through your suburbs

Incredible thug words

We gets down, nigga do the Monster Mash

and watch a nigga like me collect monster cash

Cos I'm sittin wit this bitch who got monster ass

Keep em wonderin how long the Don will last

And never pass, and when I want it buttered on toast

Can't no nigga see Ice Cube on no coast

So all you gotta do is focus

and see that I'm the fuckin loccest with this hocus pocus

Dr. Frankenstein

Dr. Frankenstein, ugh

[Mr. Short Khop - x4]

Ooooh wee, it's alive

You better run and hide

Cover your ears and your eyes

// Fuck Dying //

[Korn appears instrumentally only, not lyrically]

[+AD+]

Ice Cube

Ice Cube!
[Cube]

That's Don Mega to you you lil' cocksucker
[+AD+]

I am the Angel of Death

And your name is on my list
[Cube]

Sheeyit!
[+AD+]

Come with me..
[Cube]

I ain't goin nowhere wit yo' ass

And if you put your hands on me, we gettin down right here


Don Mega! [echoes]
[repeat line 4X, 2X solo, 2X in background]


Join the party, I can provide the army

Join the party, I can provide the army!

Join the party, I can provide the army!!

Join the party, I can provide the army!!!

[Verse One: Ice Cube]


Come and hear the voice of the man they call the Trojan Horse

Ride on the outside, with inner force

Throw you off course, of course, you missed the runway

We mash, like the first kickoff, on a Sunday

Collisions, divisions of niggaz, down to listen

And when we on the mission, call your mortician

Join the party, I can provide the army!!

First we flank em then we spank em.. I outrank em!

You can call me Citizen Kane, for my reign

Ten years great, one of the ten great

Mr. Media, look inside your encyclopedia

2002, see Ice Cube

Fuck a five-star, I'm a live star

What you got to die for?  Who you wanna ride for?

Fuck dying!  (Fuck dying!)


Don Mega! [echoes]
[repeat line 2X]

[Verse Two: Ice Cube]


It's the suspect king of the roughnecks, bonafide

Worldwide, your highness, the finest

Big as China, nigga rhymer, chart climber

Quick to send a first-timer back to his Aunt Jemimah

Physi-cal, nigga roll with the winners

After these dinners, go out and represent us

We got antennas, scanners and satellites

To see if you battle right, we got to bite

Hold on tight, shake, and pump venom

Some haters don't learn til you leave lead in em

See the dead in em, rigarmortis spread in em

Keep your mouth shut, motherfuckin mouth slug

See these crossed legs, quick to cross Feds

Foe to mighty one, it's the mighty son

Fuck dying! [echoes]


Yeah..


Don Mega! [echoes] 
[repeat line 4X, 2X solo, 2X in background]


Join the party, I can provide the army

Join the party, I can provide the army!

Join the party, I can provide the army!!

Join the party, I can provide the army!!!


Fuck dying!!!  I can provide the army [4X]


Join the party!

In the ghetto, in the ghetto

In the city, the suburbs.. penetentiary!

Join the party!

In the county..

Fuck dying, fuck dying!


Join the party, I can provide the army (yeayayyyy)

Join the party, I can provide the army! (yeayayyyy)

Join the party, I can provide the army!! (yeayayyyy)

Join the party, I can provide the army!!! (fuck dying!)


I can provide the army [4X]


Eternal life baby

Eternal life [2X]

..


Hear ye, hear ye!

All connect gang members and powers

are to meet at the West Wing

To be led into battle by the one and only

Ice Cube the Great!

// War & Peace //

Ice Cube the great!!


"He has indicated to us that he has sufficient.. firepower..

to.. blow up the Bradley vehicle..

and in fact his words were,

We are ready for war.. let's get it on"

[Ice Cube]

War..

"War, and peace"

Sing it!

[Chorus: singer interprets No Doubt's "Don't Speak"]


War and peace... (Sing it!)  

War and peace, forever!

War and peace, together.. always!

[Verse One: Ice Cube]


I'm at the highest peak, still glad the meak is understandin me

Artillery, thoughts of killin me is just a fantasy

The man in me is ready for war, like Holyfield/Tyson IV

A gang against you niggaz on the shore

Either or, your whole family is on the floor

Windows breakin all around em, you can't climb this mountain

I'm at the fountain, with my troops

I start screamin at em like Patton, we gattin at you fools!

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: Ice Cube]


Negotiate... 

strategy is the key!

I hope they ain't...

exclusively after me!

Cause if they are...

we gots to be who we be!

And make a star...

out of a head enemy!

The papers said...

that he died tragically!

They found his head...

with no legs and bo-dy!

We made a pledge...

to the Dub-S-C!

Bloodshed...

if they got no love for peace!

Sing it!

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Ice Cube]


I'd rather break bread than uhh, break your head

Break your legs, have em broken, I ain't no joke

Don't provoke, the gun smoke from the highest slope

Eternal peace, for my peoples and my folks

My crips and my bloods, criminals and my thugs

Just show a nigga love when I'm rollin on them dubs

Just, give a nigga hugs, we can ride on this piece

Westside for Life but still down with the East

Sing it!

[Chorus 2X]


After the haters attempt to blow up his car

We find our hero, Ice Cube, on the ground

Bruised, but not beaten

He pulls out his cell phone.. WITH THE CHIP!

And begins to dial Mack One-Oh

Who's faded and rolling through Inglewood

with Mr. Short KHOP

Words.. are spoken

// Greed //

Now, if the greenbacks don't stack large on my side of the yard

I ain't fuckin with it

This cake has got to be all icing baby

Now I know I'm taking the biggest piece

but god damn I'm the biggest fish with the biggest mouth bitch

You wanna be rich right?  (Hell yeah)

Well stick with me, do as I does, and be as I be


We be stackin chips, packin clips, mackin chicks

Laugh at tits, slappin dick, in yo' bitch (bitch!)

Makin hoes, take these clothes, from these sto's

Walkin slow, there go the po', now here we go

Parking lot to the spot, Marriott

Cause what I got to make a knot, is very hot

Who's at the do', go and check, I got the Tec

Tell him that you soakin wet, until he jet

Now lift up your fuckin dress, where's the rest

Bitch can hide a treasure chest, in her breasts

Uh-huh strip search, whip skirts

Uh-huh shit hurts, but it works bitch

You can jerk niggaz but you can't jerk me

Hoe I only tell you once that this dick ain't free

I'm talkin greed

[Chorus]

Greed, give me everything that I need

How you gon' deal with the niggaz that I feed
[repeat 2X]

We smokin weed, you and me

Lookin for that currency
[repeat 2X]


Now bitch niggaz don't mean shit, from where I sit

Magnificent blow your back out, if you act out

Eighteen deep when the plane soar

The bitch threw her tits, asked my click who we play fo'

Penetrate the clouds, loud, and obnoxious

Surround the airport with feds and helicopters

Escorted, detained and deported

Scared of the ly-rics, and when they bitches hear us

We the clear-est, you can fear us

Smile on the day of your dissapear-ance, smoke in mirr-ors

Break em all, pull over and jump out

Cause I can take em all, all bustas shake em all

I'm at the mall, buyin shit, like hot dog on a stick

These bitches all on the dick

Ice Cube ain't a lick (nope) make me bleed

And now you got to deal with the niggaz that I feed, greed

Uhh uhh uhh [pigs squeal]

(Give me more, give me more) Greed, Greed


When you get your hands on it, wanna fawn it

Wanna dance on it, everybody want it
[repeat 2X]


You punks is petty, still we steady, countin fetti

I'm the one closin escrow, with the best flow

(Do you wear a vest?) No

Niggaz hit me I'ma turn into The Crow [caw caw] and take a shit

on everything counterfeit, the Don Mega

Blade Runner, in a beige Hummer all summer

It'd take about twelve honkeys, to convict

the nigga makin you sick, ask the 12 Monkeys

Up in Detroit holdin weed court, all through the South

Picked up a ounce in Shreveport

My lead give head tunnels (boom!)

to any motherfucker disgruntled exit wound, look like a funnel

Worldwide, international jet set

My niggaz love fuckin bitches that they just met

Get it wet, and you can do anything

When I'm in Paris niggaz french-kiss the pinky ring

[Chorus]


Yeah, Ice Cube, trillionaire

I own a mansion and a yacht, haha

We do it like it should be does

Yeah, Westside niggaz is very greedy, uhh

Death Row is very greedy

Sic-Wid-It records is very greedy

Dangerous Music greedy greedy greedy

Ruthless Records greedy, Suave House, greedy

So So Def, greedy

Rap-A-Lot greedy as fuck

No Limit, hah, hella greedy, uhh

Def Jam greedy, we all know Priority greedy as a motherfucker, hahaha

Hey got twenties on my BM, you still fuckin with a GM

What can you tell me, nigga?

[pigs squeal]

// Cash Over //

[Mack 10]

Whassup Cube dog?

I got this bitch-ass nigga right here

Y'know, fuckin with this tramp-ass bitch

Puttin her before the scrill' all the time, yaknowhatI'msayin?

Man I got this nigga transcripts, and every-mother-fuckin thang

Tellin this bitch all my mother-fuckin business

Puttin ass over cash everyday

Nigga fuck that, this Westside

[Ice Cube]

Be gone you fuckin peon, got the Don furious

Talkin on the phone got the Federal curious

I'm serious!  I don't give a fuck where he is

Snatch him out the factory, bring his ass back to me

How the fuck you think I got the NAME Bossalini?  Punk

Mack God Rap Genie, you can't see me

Up in this game ever since you was a lame

Y'all train at my school, nigga I rule

You never make me holla, smokin on a fifteen dollar

from across the water, watch your daughter

She might catch the Holy Ghost from this rap sermon

While you vermin smokin Sherman, I'm rollin somethin German, bitch

Money earnin makin mo' money (ching ching)

Enemies look so funny, with they clothes bummy

Don't need no honey, that's right

Cause I'm thinkin with my big head, FUCK what my dick said!

[Chorus: Ice Cube]


We puttin cash over ass, each and every day

Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)

(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)

We puttin cash over ass, each and every day

Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)

(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)

[Ice Cube]

Now who's that nigga got these bitches lookin silly?  Me!

I'm the Big Willie for rilly, the real dilly

You can ask Phillie cause I got a year's supply (Yup!)

You must want to die, don't get the lye

after dark up at Griffith Park, shallow grave

for the mark check his heart, the game about to start

Big thangs automatic pu-tang (automatic)

Keep your mind off them bitches, eyes on your riches

If it twitches give it stitches

If it jiggles or switches, fuck and take pictures, now

I'm livin in a two-point zone, and I'm still bumpin

Call me in the clutch, ain't lost my touch

Nigga what? on the microphone

If I drove it in the video, bitch, I can drive it home

Tight as a Corleone

You got to get your own, baby get on, now

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube]

Get your ass up and go to work, cause you know

on payday, nigga that shit gon' hurt

Fuckin with a skirt instead of handlin your bizness

Rich dude, now you got to make three wishes

I'm suspicious, of any motherfucker puttin fuck over finance

'Specially fuckin up my plans

I'm the boss, I can be late

but you'll never see her and me, over currency

Givin you the third degree, cause you got

too many broke bitches and you like bankin for a penny

Stop fuckin on them dum-dums

Find one with some ass and some income

Who wanna win?  Who wanna spin?

Who wanna make, twenty-five eight?  Me

Ice Cube the great.. pushin rhymes like weight

[Chorus 2X]


Never put that hoe, in front of that dough nigga

For what? (Never... fuck a bitch nigga)

For what?  She ain't gon' love you if you ain't got no dough fool

(Bitch fuckin with me got to be workin, gettin paid yaknahmsayin?)

Gotta come up, scrilla scrilla y'all (Never ass over cash nigga)

Scrilla scrilla y'all (We greedy)


Cha-ching! (She can get some CD's, push some keys)

Cha-ching! (Ha ha ha, make the bitches shake they tit-ties)

Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Over my knee)

Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Never ass over cash)

Never ass over cash

// The Curse Of Money //

[Intro - Sleep]

Hey wassup Cube?

Man I'm glad I caught you at your momma' house homey

Wassup man? You still got your pager right or you lost it? 

(It's the curse, the curse....the curse, the curse)

Y'know my code right? I been pagin you for about a week man

(The curse, the curse) I heard about the deal ya got

Greed, Khop (The curse, the curse)

Check this out, you owe a nigga somethin man

[Ice Cube]

Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)

Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)

Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)

Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)


It's the curse of money, once you get it, fool you got it

Buy a new pair of drawers and motherfuckers spot it

Niggas plotted, to have me knotted up in basements

till these cocksuckers see what they're faced with

Their fantasies of a life stress-free

Full of orgies, in the Florida Keys

But this bullshit is so thick, it's like mountains

Sick of threatenin all my lawyers and accountants

The decibals, gold diggers goin for the testicles

Soon they realise, I don't invest in hoes

Sometimes it's like hell on earth

When everybody tryin to get your ass for all your worth

It's the curse


(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby

(The curse, the curse) Do the math 


When you hot, they think you got more than you got

When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop

I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have

Before you sell your soul better do the math


I start to scream shit like "May day, may day"

Cos motherfuckers think it's all grav-ay wit my pay day

And like I said, it's the curse of money

They start laughin at your jokes when they ain't that funny (Ha ha ha)

See this ass kissin yes man

Shakin hands with the left hand, get my weap-an, get to stepp-an

Fuck every phony ass nigga round me

Stick a shaft up your ass like Richie Roundtree (Yea yea!)

Got to have some gas money if you goin

If not who you fuckin? Who you flowin? Who you owin?

In '98 don't shit come free

Not even hard rhymes that's describin these hard times


(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, do it

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, aha

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby

(The curse, the curse) Do the math, ooh wee


When you hot, they think you got more than you got

When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop

I just laugh (haha), the curse everybody wanna have

Before you sell your soul better do the math

[Mack 10]

To relax I smoke a stick, the shit make me sick

Gotta gang of new homies, and relatives on my dick

No time for drama, busters get sprayed

Bitches wanna get layed, and everybody need their bills paid (Everybody)

Motherfuckers, sweat me like a spy

They wanna kick it cos I, got the curse of mulah

Make me wanna start scrappin and look at me to make it happen

What the fuck was they doin before Mack 10 was rappin ?!? Tell me 

(What the fuck?) how can I remain a man of seven figures

when I'm rushed by gold diggers everytime I get bigger? (Ch-ching)

Like David Banner, when I tweak I turn green

And everytime I'm seen it's like people start to fiend

It's the curse

[Ice Cube]

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (aha)

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (1 million, 2 million)

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (3 million)

(The curse, the curse) Do the math 


When you hot, they think you got more than you got 

Yeah they do

When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop (Motherfuckers)

I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have

Before you sell your soul better do the math (Better do it)


(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 

Get the fuck outta here

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 

With dollar signs in your eyes

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (Ha ha, sheeit)

(The curse, the curse) Do the math 

[Outro - Ice Cube]

Leave your ass broke

Rabbit ears, nigga for pockets, haha he

I'm cursed! Hahaha, but I love it

// The Peckin' Order //

"In the deep and dark bowels of the underworld,

order must be maintained.

Without a strict and unforgiving chain of command, 

chaos is inevitable."

[Ice Cube]

Whassup youngsta?

Since you the new booty, and don't know nothin,

I got to show you bout the peckin order

It's the order in how we do things and move things

See, somebody gon' tell you what to do

after I tell that motherfucker what to do


It's the peckin order [echo]

It's the peckin order [echo]


We got the power to make you niggaz sour

Big fish whale like Ichikowa, steppin out the shower

It's the peckin order, ask ya daugther how we peck

Inspect, high class ass to projects

Push my Lex through the California rain, gutter lane

Infamous schemes on the brain

for my connect gang, put a strain on every link

in our chain, that's right - we all get arraigned

Takin sworn notes to makin c-notes

Knowin all the while that bullshit floats and niggaz don't

So nigga don't -  gangsta paradise ain't nuttin nice

Yeah we livin so trife we need Je-sus in our life

[Chorus: Ice Cube, Mack 10]

[Cube]

It's the peckin order 
[Mack]

It's the order how we do things

and move things, only fuck with the true things

[Ice Cube]

Havin heavy intercourse with the world of depression

Messin with the wrong bitches never learn our lesson

Stressin, no guessin, never question

Even when we playin, we testin, confession

Do you still wanna meet where the killers eat?

Held accountable for anythang you repeat

It's the peckin order, ask your daughter how we peck

When we smoke you, it's your best friend you suspect

[Chorus]

[Mack 10]

Now c'mon, come on potnah, c'mon (it's the peckin order)

Fuck that, I don't wanna hear none of that shit man

All that cryin and beggin and shit

To be honest wit you that shit really don't even

affect me in no kind of way potnah

You wastin your muthafuckin time (it's the peckin order)

Let's get this shit goin, let's get it over with

C'mon back here, back here

I can't make no motherfuckin mess right here

Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself

I know you want a motherfuckin open casket

where your peoples can see you and kiss on you

but you gon' piss me off

and I'ma blow noodles out your motherfuckin head

and ain't none of that happenin after that

So, c'mon back here, c'mon, right - c'mon, ay

But you know, one more thing before I do this [BLAM!!]

[Ice Cube]

It's the peckin order [echo]

It's the peckin order [echo]

It's the peckin order [echo]

// Limos, Demos & Bimbos //

[Intro]

(Hey did you hear that?)

Yeah just get the fuckin door! [car door opens and closes]

[Ice Cube]

Limos, demos and bimbos! (Hey slow this motherfucker down man)

Limos, demos and bimbos! (ugh ugh ugh ugh)


Hit the sunroof, and let's contemplate the freaks we can run through

Got the chauffer pullin over

Snatch one inside, she wanna ride with this mission

Close the partition, he like to listen

All fuckin, no kissin, just smokin and drinkin

Super vets in a super stretch Lincoln

Thinkin bout the good ol' days of hip hop

in its purest form before the eye of the storm

I could give a fuck about you hatin, on my way

to the Colliseum with seventeen-five waitin

They scream for the limousine, it's all clean

Tinted, your shit is rented, you know we spend it

While you worry bout the five mics, I'm in the limelight

wit movies comin out, yo' time is runnin out

I just finished doin "Live At The Apollo"

Indication from my driver damn we're bein followed

[Mr. Short Khop]

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Ice Cube]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
[Mr. Short Khop] 

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Ice Cube]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life


Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)

Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife, ugh ugh ugh ugh)

[Mr. Short Khop]

Caught him in motion, had me potent, let him know about the showin

and how I'm knowin to keep it cracked open

Cans of ass-beatin, plus on how I crash meetins

and have your whole staff leavin half-breathin

Got shit to hold my own, big bucks

But Khop's soon to run it through em, nigga check nuts

Put to the test then put two to rest

Wiped out with lights out, two to the chest

Hold it now tell a few, legitimate

We loaded, for revenue, let's get this shit

and split this shit for three days, count it three ways

Nigga fuck what he say, havin heat pays

It's all about the thoroughbred, top choice with the voice

that keep ??? moist

Mr. Short Khop expected the truest, dare you niggas step to us

I stay connected til death do us

[Ice Cube]

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Mr.Short Khop]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
[Ice Cube]

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Mr.Short Khop]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life


Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)

Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need JESUS, JESUS)

[Ice Cube]

The alley was pitch black, I'm in the back of this black Lac

These fuckers pull up in a Ac

They don't understand the impact

Two thousand dollar three-piece suit, can you spend that?

They call me the Don Mega (Don Mega) [motorcycle speeding past]

cos I'm down to play a double-header in stormy weather

Superstar, goddamn them niggas got me

Stop the car and blast the paparazzi [gun shots, motorcycle]

[Mr. Short Khop]

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Ice Cube]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
[Mr. Short Khop] 

You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
[Ice Cube]

I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life


Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)

Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need Jesus, ugh)

// Once Upon A Time In The Projects 2 //

Once upon a time in the projects yo

I damn near had to wreck a hoe

Yellin through the screen do' (HEY, let me in!)

(Big Daddy got a fifth of gin, and down to sin)

Baby up in two-ten, is on a nigga

Bendin over pickin up her mail, she can tell I'm dyin to get her

I'm sittin in yo' livin room, slash kitchen

A nigga ain't tryin to be the fuckin groom so stop bitchin
[knock knock knock] I like the way that ass is switchin, answer the do'

Some nigga in a eighty-kay, yo' baby daddy

lookin like he mad at me (what) wit'cho name on his neck

Here we go with mo' drama in the projects


Wait a minute, who is this motherfucker?


You better take his ass in the back, and start talkin

Nick that bud 'fore it bloom, and start stalkin

I can hear you guys yellin [glass breaks] a little strugglin

Youse a FOOL if you think that I'm jumpin in

That nigga jet, smokin on a ciggarette

You say domestic shit, get you soakin wet?

Well come widdit and get it, blow my socks

while I'm drinkin all the Kool-Aid, watchin Jamie Foxx

I'm hearin mo' knocks [knock knock knock]

(Oh, that's just my people

They came all the way to the projects to meet you) Who?

This fool wearin black, his girl, in the see through

Distraction, a little action, [fight ensues] I woke up

Tied up like (What happened?  Punk you shoulda stuck to rappin

Niggaz tell me you got a house full of platinum..

Where the platinum at motherfucker?

I hear that shit worth more than gold!)


Wait a minute motherfucker, this my house!


Once upon a time in the projects [3X]

Once upon a time, once upon a time


I'm like baffled, they got me gaffled, with the duct tape

So I remain raw, in come this chainsaw [knock knock knock]

Another knock, it's the girl from two-ten

here to drop salt, that's when them bitches fought

I thought, "I bet-ta plan my escape"

In the midst of this commotion, Ice Cube is breakin tape

I'm free, bombin on the first thing I see

And guess who walk in, with a nine, and a grin

It's the baby daddy he ain't playin, [gunshots]

He started layin everybody down, about face with a frown

I'm runnin to the bedroom, I lock the do'

and grab the phone, the bitch phone ain't turned on

I think I'm gone, that's when I hear a soft knock

It's the girl from two-ten, with her number, and a glock

Said, "Call me up, if it's for sex, or chin check

Nigga get you a real ass bitch from the projects!"


And I just might do that


Once upon a time in the projects [3X]

Once upon a time, once upon a time

// If I Was Fucking You //

[Intro]
['Big Worm' talking]

Yeah that's cool

Er, everything closed so we just

We might as well just go straight to the hotel

And just get some rest

Let me slide this dick up on in ya

[Verse 1]
[Ice Cube]

If I was fucking you right about now

You'd have a dick stuck in you (yeah)

Have to go brag to your fucking crew

On how this rap nigga dick you down

Kendo passed them guts and didn't have to kick you down

Who this bitch nigga wit' you now?

Do we know about your X-files?

And your sex styles?

And all the niggaz that you think about fucking

And all the shit you know you really wanna do when we buzz it (hahaha)
[K-Mac]

If I was fucking you, shit, it'd be like drama (yeah)

And you might get tripped on by my baby mama (hey mac)

So do what I tell you and everything'll be alright

You're cute as fuck, plus that ass is tight (hype)

Get the fuck on 'fore these niggaz start to fight

I can see it in your eyes, you wanna fuck tonight

Give Herden everything, she got a fool in love (fool)

Gave it up to me and gangsta after the club
[Mr Short Khop]

If I was fucking you, I'd be pakin the piss

The horny weight dick gettin' laid is for chips

Bitch I'm tryina' make grits

Him in with the trojan pack 'o six

Hin the gin and juice the mix

No time to pause, gots to drop draws

Prep through a half spankin', breakin' down walls

With tactics, nigga used two proper lactics (double-up)

Hit the twat chopper style

Bang it up back [echo]

[Chorus]

If I was fucking you [echo]
[overlapping] ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on

[Verse 2]
[Ice Cube]

If I was fucking you, you'd be like fuck everybody

Kill, this pussy yours

Washin' dishes, rubbin' floors

Doin' chores for a nigga

Open doors for a nigga

Ridin' shotgun, holdin' forty-fours for a nigga

At the motelly, got you on your belly

In come morcelli

Niggaz calling K-Mac, bitches calling Kelly

Do it like Arthur Fonzarelli, hit the lights

So we can try to reform these potential dites
[K-Mac]

If I was fucking you, you'd be spendin' all your dough (yeah)

Buying nigga shit, that you don't even know (mm)

Credit card maxed out

Bank account tapped out

Writin' bad cheques (hahaha)

When I call you break your neck

You do whatever please me, runnin' burs while I take it easy

Will as you do whatever, live your life just to please me

These buster-ass niggaz make the shit so easy

(He was fucking me?) for sheazly
[Mr Short Khop]

If I was fucking you, I'd let the homies fuck too

Run up in the guts bust nuts and we're through

Hey you feenin'

cooch screamin', heatin' cleanin'

Tag-teamin', suckin' semen [echo]

Keep it low, put it in your grill cos you love me

With video footage of you giving nigga scully (got you)

Hold it till you've chocked off the bitched and got got

And roll one to smoke, grab my shit and shake my spot

[Chorus]

[Intro]
['Big Worm' talking]

Nineteen inches of complicated funk. hahahaha

Ango urgin', probably be vomiting dick for a week though

Suckin' on semen, hahahahahahah...


Hmmm... be careful what you wish for, you just might get it

// X-Bitches //

[Ice Cube Talking]

Damn, what you doing over here? Whassup?

Yeah I was thinking about you the other day

And I was thinking I should have never fucked wit' your ass

I should have left you right where I founnd you

My bed [echo]

[Verse 1]

When I was with you all you ever do was bitch

Talk shit, but you could suck dick

So I didn't sweat all the fussin' and cussin'

On New Year's Eve, the night I was bussin'(wow)

I would stress and strain to mantain

And didn't need to hear your motherfucking ass complain

About niggaz in the house (mm), feet on the couch

Talkin' all loud (yeah), blunt in my mouth (yeah)

Bitch I got fifty cents on this genesis

Talkin' 'bout niggaz got to vacate the premises

(She's dead) Homie histor

An' outa nowhere your ass got hard

Poured out the pub, then you got drugged

We at it again, I tried to count to ten

There's no end to your naggin'

You can't treat me like I'm faggin', hoe

You see I'm saggin' (no)

Why I gotta act like a motherfucking asshole (why)

To be king of my motherfucking castle

You'll never be the missus (never)

Breakin' all my dishes

And fuck all my X-bitches

[Chorus 1]

Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you

The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
[repeat]

[Verse 2]

On an' off, off an' on, bitch I'm grown

So stop playing on my phone (stop)

It was a time we used to bump and grind

And find heaven (ahh)

Without a motherfucking reverend

Managoua twages and bomb-ass massages

And dreams of three-car garages

You say I'm cheating when I'm up at the studio

Come to find out you the hoe, oh

And you was way out

Talkin' 'bout rap, was gonna play ya

And I was wasting my time writing rhyme (hahaha)

You made yourself loud and clear

You wanted me to choose between you and my career (bitch)

Started fucking with this baller named Chris

Couldn't resist the Rolex on his wrist

I kept on writing my raps with profanity

Now I'm on tour fucking bitches like Fanady

You tried to diss this, now you missed this

And the first and fifteenth is like Christmas

Send me naked pictures but give it a rest

With Mrs Ice Cube tatood on your breast

Now you at the back door of my show

Dressed like a hoe, axin' could you blow (no),

Hell no but it's still delicious

Went from rags to riches

And fuck all my X-bitches

[Chorus 2]

Fuck you, fuck you, especially you

The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
[repeat]


Now I hear you sayin' "Yeah I used to fuck 'em"

Not lettin' 'em know I was a young buck then

Niggaz axin' me "Man, did you love her?"

Loved her stupid ass enough to fuck her with a rubber (bitch)

Now I hear, I'm your big brother (who?)

Second cousin, friend

Bitch since when?

Incest ain't the way I swing (nah)

Never bought your ass a goddamn thing

That I had to pay for

I was hateful

Ungrateful (uh) and never faithful

Fuckin' everything that I could get my paws on

Walkin' through hell with gasoline draws on

Now I'm on the mic, music is my life

Kids and a wife, heard you was a dite (damn)

It's your thing if you like the switches

But it's my world and fuck all my X-bitches

[Chorus 1]
[Chorus 2]

[Ice Cube talking]

Never go down the same road twice

Advice from the big homie Ice Cube

Hmm, girl you better get away from here

I don't want that shit no more

Na,na ahem, and don't be callin' at my mama' house neither

I'm through wit' you. I'm through wit' you

I done got smarter. I done got smarter

I ain't fuckin' wit' your daughter

// Extradition //

[Ice Cube Talking]

Dear Mama, If some people came by the house lookin for me

I'm innocent of anything they say I done

Now I don't know when I'll be able to write you again

But I will be back to California to see you

Your son, Ice-mutherfucking-Cube.

[Hook]

Keep my hand on my gun cos they got me on the run

I swear I didn't do what they say I done [x2]

[Verse 1]

Ghetto destroyer, paranoia, I need a lawyer

This bitch named Netoia, say they lookin for ya

Got to get the fuck out of here (yeah right)

This bitch dimmed the lights (nigga, spend the night)

Bust a quick nut, got to fuck up and gat on

Cos this the same street I got shot on

So God bless Don Polla, double-s

I gotta holla cos I'm smokin on double breath

Freakin, niggaz be leakin, information

Got the feds seekin, incarceration

Niggaz say my name popped up

Bitch hop up

Nigga close the shop up

They try to stop em

My cash flow leave me asshole neck it

Gone in sixty seconds, burn all records

Nigga gettin skinny eating dinnies

Count my pennies, only got a bag fulla twenties

[Chorus]

Listen, these feds fishin for this extradition

I'm on a mission, fuck em, fight em, dine em, ditch em

I gotta kick rocks, can't pick locks

Or spend the rest of my life in a shit-?bath

[Verse 2]

It's so hard to get a room without a credit card

It's so hard not to let em know where you are

Tried to get a rent a car

But he laughed when I showed him cash

Had to mash 'fore he called the feds on my ass

Went to Vegas for the weekend

Met a hoe down freakin

Hey bitch, why you sneakin?

Grabbed the paper out her hand

Am I the man on the front page? (Fuck)

Same height, same age (click-click)

Rap gauge, put it down the G-way

Got my hostage suckin sausage on the freeway

She say "Let's hear the circle K"

Ran inside and made the niggaz all pay

It's like I hit the Lotto outside Colorado

Brought it there for his wallet and my bottle

That's my motto and I gotta warn ya

before I'm through, I'm going back to California

[Hook]
[Chorus]

[Verse 3]

My boys Utah to Illinois

Set the poise, so I can infiltrate

All fifty states

Can't wait till I'm back on my feet

Switch and shake this bitch in her sleep

Low key you feds can't see me

I'm up in D.C. with strike number three

Clownin, made a little stock to get a little cock

Now I got niggaz bangin and lootin rock

I'm going back to Cali where it's bound with my strikes

Don't give a fuck who's on the ?marin or the mic

I should've known when I seen that motherfucker in the lobby

looking like he wanna rob me (Fuck)

Federal, don't like no black hetero, sexual, intellectual

Tried to turn me into a vegetable

An I'm 'a sue all black and blue

When I come to- hand cuff (Fuck y'all)

Big grey bus, scandalous

Cos they can't stand us

They get excited and I try to fight it (mama)

I'm going back to Cali to show, extradited

[Hook]
[Chorus]

[Ice Cube talking]

Hey mama, when y'all send pictures you can't send a polaroid

Got to be the regular pictures

An' they got us in here puttin' in computer chips or something

I don't know. Like they playin with us, it's like a game

It ain't nuttin' but a game to them mama

It's my life

// Three Strikes You In //

One mo' strike and I'm through, nigga

Bottom of the ninth swingin, for my life

I'm up at the plate, goin for the gate

They got my moms seated in section eight

Been on deck since my last felony 

I'm that 0 for 2 mothafucka 

With the Louisville Slugger

Shay Whitie, that left hand punk

is on the mound and he comin wit dat off-speed junk

Its the Westside Hustlaz, vs these LA Pigs

You can say the damned vs the nigs

My little homies in the dugout

They lookin' sad, cuz fourteen niggas done struck-out

My first offense was possession of weed

Now I'm in the major leagues and

that mothafucka Bill Clinton-is a son of a bitch

had the nerve to throw out the first pitch 

I'm just tryin' to get rich like Trump

The Home Run king is now in a slump, pass me a hunk

How the fuck can I stay out the pen

When its one-two-three strikes you in

[Chorus:]


One-two three strikes you in

Now how the fuck a nigga supposed 

to stay out the pen, I'm on a blend

of Gin and Hen, everyday of my life

With two strikes it ain't right


He's in the wind-up

Here come the pitch

I swing, aw shit (foul tip)

They felt the chill cuz if I get on first

You know the deal - a niggas gots to steal

Like to steal home and I betcha

That I can run over, the LA Pig catcher

Just because I'm black, wit a bat

They wanna send a nigga back to the warning track

fulla count they say I won't amount to shit

But fool I can hit like Kenny Grit

With a split in my mouth on tha cellular phone

(It's going, going, gone!)

And watch a pitcher get served

You from tha LA Pigs 

I know you coming with a curve

Ay batter, batter is the chitter-chatter

I'm the designated hitter, a nigga

much badder, than Babe Ruth

Will I tell the truth and nothing but the truth

Hell yea, I'd rather be shootin' hoops

Cuz a niggas guaranteed to win 

Against a bullshit loss and three strikes you in


Take me out to the ballgame 

Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what)

Another nigga on trial

Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh

And fuck you Cracker Jack

I hope I never come back


I gots to root for my homeboys

If they dont win its a shame

Cuz its one-two-three strikes you in

twenty-five years of pain you know my name


They wanna nigga to run and get hung

high strung, so this pig can win the Cy-Young

I'ma hit this mothafucka a mile

In the batters box, high as Steve Hal

You can't salary cap my gat

No strike, cuz gangsta-rap is on the map

I'm like Satchel Paige wit a gauge

Or Jackie Robinson, when I'm robbin' one 

of you Cracker Jacks fool I'm a mothafuckin vet

And fuck yo seventh-inning stretch, so

Take me out to the ballgame,

and see my neighborhood name

In your Ghetto Hall of Fame

[Chorus x 3]


Yea (It ain't right)

Playin' people like a game (It aint right)

Human beings, puttin' em in a jar (It aint right)

for double life, triple life (It aint right)


Take me out to the ballgame 

Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what)

Another nigga on trial

Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh

And fuck you Cracker Jack 

I hope I never come back


I gots to root for my homeboys

If they dont win its a shame

Cuz its one-two-three strikes you in

twenty-five years of pain you know my name


You know my name (wha what, wha what) [x 4]


If I die tonight, you know who did it (you know)

If I ride tonight, you know who did it (you know)

If they sheck me up, you know who did it (don't guess)

If they check my nuts, you know who did it (get 'em)

If they break my bank, you know who did it (yea)

If they pull my rank, you know who did it (get 'em)

If they sock me up, you know who did it (yea)

If they lock me up, you know who did it (get 'em)

If they smear my name, you know who did it 

If they kill my game, you know who did it

Remember me (you know who did it)

Wha what, wha what (you know who did it)

// Penitentiary //

"Attention all nigga rows and nigga hoes

We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way

Nobs injecting ourselves to become property on the stock

In the penal system. In the justice system"


Penitentiary, I hear you calling me [x4]

[Verse 1]

As the world turns, it burns while it's spinning

Coming to a fucked-up ending

I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight

And I can hit the purty gates

Until then, the pen is unfair

Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (ma)

I lets my goddamn hair grow (ma)

Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow

On Capital Hill, they them passed a bill

Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (nah)

The judge gave me a 'L'

But y'all can't tell

I wait and cry in my cell

Convicted negro, superhero

Speaker at our house

Takin' lyrics in my mouth

Bitches in the south showin' ass (mm)

Mix a lot, got hoes puttin titties on the glass

We blast in the west for example

And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples

Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (Wilson!)

And straight call me a G

[Chorus]

Penitentiary, I hear you calling me

Penitentiary, I hear you calling me

Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid

But it ain't shit, got to be legit

[Bridge]

South-central L.A.

You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey

And South-central L.A.

You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby

[Verse 2]

When the evil outweighs the good

And you only give a fuck about rucks

The Earth will self-destruct (Bitch)

Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a playa (Bitch)

Plus we got a black mayor

I get sex when I shows flex (Booom!)

Porbey Rolex (Booom!)

Which hoe is next? (Booom!)

Would you like a piece of me? Not a mate

Calling you a hoe 'cos I'm fucking on the first day (uh)

My world is a one-mile radius

I swear every other hood is the shadiest (uh)

Could the crips and bloods be all rotten

When the trilateral commission is plottin'?

What you gonna do when the Earth erupts?

Some niggaz gettin' nuts outa carafel cups (punk)

Fool you on master's woe

But won't even think about, sucking Bob Doe (punk)

Asshole from the Senate

How can you relate to a project tennant?

Motherfuck you and not the courtman, no corrections

Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection

[Chorus (x2)]
[Bridge]


Just because you gotta stay

You ain't gotta rot away

We gon' come and get you one day
[repeat until fade]

