Album: BossOfTheBlues

// Why Does Everything Happen To Me //

I wonder why
Why do everything have to happen to me
I wonder why
Why do everything have to happen to me
Well, I'm blue and I'm lonesome 
My heart is filled with misery

Oh, so many strange things
They happen to me all day long
Oh, so many strange things
They happen to me all day long
Yes, it seems like everything I do
Everything I do is wrong

I had a good reputation
The greatest man in town
But I'm having so much troubles
Till they 'bout to drag me down
I wonder why
Why do everything have to happen to me
Well, I'm blue and I'm lonesome 
My heart is filled with misery

I got up on my feet
I had lots of friends
But bad luck had hit me
Now I'm down again
I wonder why
Why do everything have to happen to me
Well, I'm blue and I'm lonesome 
My heart is filled with misery

// You Know I Go For You //

Oh baby
Babe, you know I go for you
Oh baby
Babe, you know I go for you
Aw, not because you dress so fine
Babe, but the little things you do

Oh, you're my all-day steady
Babe, you're my midnight dream
Oh, you're my all-day steady
Babe, you're my midnight dream
Oh, and without you, baby
Life ain't no good to me

// I Had A Woman //

Well I had a woman
She was nice, kind and loving to me in every way
Oh I had a woman
She was nice, kind and loving to me in every way
Oh she used to love me
And bring my breakfast to my bed every day

For ten long years
She was my pride and joy
Oh for ten long years
She was my pride and joy
And I used to call her my little girl
Oh she used to call me
She used to call me her little boy

Oh it's all over baby
You know I'm all alone
It's all over baby
Damn you know I'm all alone
Well the reason you hear me singing the blues baby
Yeah you know my baby's gone
She's gone she's gone

// Bad Breaks //

Oh, I wish I was single, 'cause my woman, she drives me mad
I wish I was single, 'cause my woman, she drives me mad
Yes, she's always accusing me of someone of someone I ain't never had

Last night I felt lucky but my luck was running slow
The last hand I caught four aces and the police broke down the door
I said, "Lord, Lord, what can a poor boy do?"
It's tough when you can't make no money,
seems like all the bad breaks come to you

Got home this morning, she was looking kind-a funny
She said, "Don't come in here daddy, unless you got some money"
I said, "Lord, Lord, what can a poor boy do?"
It's tough when you can't make no money,
seems like all the bad breaks come to you

I asked my woman for some dinner, she looked at me like a fool
She said, "I'm playing checkers, daddy, and I think it's your time to move"
I said, "Lord, Lord, what can a poor boy do?"
It's tough when you can't make no money,
seems like all the bad breaks come to you

// You Don't Know //

You don't know how much I love you
You don't know how much I care
You don't know how much I need you
Without you life I can't bear
You don't know
You don't know baby
You don't know how much I love you
And you can't know just how I feel

The flame is still burnin'
Burnin' deep down in my soul
When I think of your love and kisses
It makes my blood run cold
You don't know baby
You don't know baby
Yes you don't know how much I love you
And you can't know just how I feel

All my friends call me crazy
For acting the way that I do
But I just can't help myself 
'Cause I'm so in love with you
You don't know
Yes baby you don't know
You don't know how much I love you
And you can't know just how I feel

You don't know
You don't know
You don't know baby 
You don't know
You don't know
You don't know baby
You don't know

Yes you don't know how much I love you
And you can't know just how I feel

// Worry, Worry //

Worry worry worry
Worry is all I can do
Oh worry worry worry baby
Worry is all I can do
Oh my life is so miserable baby
Baby, and its all on account of you

You hurt me so bad baby
When you said we were through
Oh you hurt me
You know you hurt me so bad baby
When you said we were through
Oh but I would rather be dead baby
Then to be here so alone and blue

Someday baby
Oh...someday baby
Oh!  Someday baby
Oh! Oh! Oh oh yes
Oh! Someday baby

"Ladies. I said ladies...Ladies if you got a man and the man don't do like you think he
Should...ladies you don't hurt 'im. I SAID DON'T YOU HURT HIM! Man happens to be
God's gift to women! So ladies you must know that the man is already grown so you can't
Raise him over again.

So the thing to do is THROW YOUR ARMS AROUND HIM! HOLD HIM CLOSE TO
YOU! LOOK HIM STRAIGHT IN THE EYES! And then you tell him... You tell him, you
Say "now baby you been messing up, but I know you gonna do me better." And when he
Look at you as if he wanna know when, then you tell him..."Someday baby." And if it seem
Like he's hard of hearing or not paying you much attention or something do like you ladies
Are known to do....Put your hands on your hips and then you say it again...OW!  He have to
Be a mighty hard hearted person not to listen to you.

But I don't think it's fair to just talk to the ladies, I think I should say a few words to the
Men too. So fellas...I SAID FELLAS! Fellas if you got a woman and the lady don't do like
You think she should,
Don't you be goin' upside of her head now. You know what I'm talkin' about, don't you be
Beatin' on her. The judgement's much cheaper if you don't beat her. And you see if you hurt
Her you only do one thing...I said if youhurt her you only do one thing! You make her a little
Smarter and she won't let you catch her the next time. So the thing to do is THROW YOUR
ARMS around the pretty little thing! Now listen to me, listen to me...I don't care if she
Weigh thirty-two and a half pounds wet or five hundred and fifty pounds on her feet. If she's
Your lady and you dig her, than she's your pretty little thing...AND THEN YOU TELL
HER! You say "Baby! Baby I don't care what they say about you on the next block, your
My little lady and I dig you. Let em talk, let 'em say what they want to say"

And fellas, you must know too that the ladies, God bless their sweet little souls, ladies
Happen to be God's gift to man too fellas. You all agreed? You better say it cause your wife
Is listening. But there's just one more thing I must say to you fellas, just one more thing.
Don't be too proud to beg. I SAID DON'T BE TOO PROUD TO BEG! If you have to fall
Down on your knees to let your woman know that you love her, go on down there!
...I can see some of you cats got dirty minds in the place this evening...WHAT I'M TRYIN'
TO SAY, LADIES LOVE TO HEAR THEIR MEN SAY "BABY I LOVE YOU!" Don't
You ladies? I SAID LADIES LOVE TO HEAR THEIR MEN SAY "BABY I LOVE YOU!"
Don't you ladies? SO FELLAS TELL YOUR LADY THAT YOU LOVE HER! ...She might
Think you're lying though. TELL YOUR LADY THAT YOU LOVE HER even if you are
Lying.

But seriously speaking, when I goof, when I goof I usually slide up to my woman and I look
Straight at her...I have to get my look first...I usually say I look like a little puppy begging
For that last bone you been holding out on. I look straight at her and I say "BABY! ...Please
Forgive me honey!" And then I wait a few minutes to see how she take it. AND THEN I
SAY "BABY! ...Please forgive me honey!" And then I stand back far enough so that when
She swings I can duck...AND THEN I SAY "BABY! You know when I goofed last week I
Was high..."If she let me get away with that then I look at her real pitifull like this....Say
"baby, honey you know when you're high it don't count. " AND THEN I TELL HER, I say
"if you forgive me honey I'm gonna do better."And if she look at me as if she wanna know
When then I tell her "SOMEDAY BABY..."

Yes someday, baby
When the blood runs cold in my veins
Someday, baby
When the blood runs cold in my veins
You know you won't be able to hurt me no more baby
'Cause my heart won't feel no pain

// The Blues Has Got Me //

The blues has got me 
And there is teardrops in my eyes
Oh, the blues has got me
There is teardrops in my eyes
Yes, dark is the night
Since my baby said goodbye

Oh, how I've suffered
Since my baby wnet away
Yes, how I've suffered
Since my baby wnet away
Yes, I've got that feeling
That my baby's gone to stay

Take me back, darling
Forgive me for the wrongs I've done
Ah, take me back, darling
Forgive me for the wrongs I've done
Now I know that I love you
And you're the only one

Talk to me baby
Call me on the telephone
Yes, talk to me baby
Call me on the telephone
Well, the blues has got me
And I want my baby home

If your baby loves you
Keep her home and treat her nice
Oh, if your baby loves you
Keep her home and treat her nice
Well, never mistreat a good woman
This is some doggone good advice

// Please Accept My Love //

I don't even know your name
But I love you just the same
If you let me hold your hand
Then I think maybe I can make you understand

If you only, only knew
Just how much I love you
Loving you the way I do
Then you'd take the night to love me too

I'd like the picture on the wall
So please don't let me fall
It's my heart I'm thinkin of
So please, please accept my love

If you let me be your slave
Your love I'll cherish to my grave
And if you should die before I do
I'll, I said I'll, I'll end my life to be with you

Yes I will!

// That's How Much You Mean To Me //

There ain't no road too rough to walk
There ain't no talk too sweet to talk
Wherever you are, it's where I'll be
'Cos that's how much you mean to me

All the money in the whole round world
Wouldn't be enough for you, little girl
Wish I could give you a money tree
'Cos that's how much you mean to me

A girl like you needs some loving
Teasin', squeezin' and huggin'
Step right up and take my hand
I wanna be your great big hunk of man

Baby, I wanna have your picture
To put it in my, my storybook
While it out big so the world can see
'Cos that's how much you mean to me

