Album: Lucille

// Lucille //

The sound that you're listening to is from my guitar
that's named Lucille. I'm very crazy about Lucille.
Lucille took me from the plantation. Oh you might say,
brought me fame. 
I don't think I could just talk enough about Lucille.
Sometime when I'm blue seem like Lucille try to help
me call my name.

I used to sing spirituals and I thought that this was
the thing that I wanted to do. But somehow or other
when I went in the army I picked up on Lucille, and
started singing blues.

Well, now when I'm paying my dues, maybe you don't
know what I mean when I say paying dues, I mean when
things are bad with me. I can always, I can always,
you know like, depend on Lucille.

Sort of hard to talk to you myself. I guess I'll let
Lucille say a few words and then.

You know, I doubt if you can feel it like I do. But
when I think about the things that I've gone through,
like, well for instance, if I have a girlfriend and
she misuses me, and I go home at night, maybe I'm
lonely, well not maybe, I am lonely, I pick up Lucille
and it bring out those funny sounds that sound good to
me, you know. Sometime I get to the place where I
can't even say nothing.

Look out.

Sometime I think it's crying.

You know, if I could sing pop tunes like Frank Sinatra
or Sammy Davis Junior, I don't think I still could do
it, 'cause Lucille don't wanna play nothing but the
blues. I think I'm, I think I'm pretty glad about
that. Cause don't nobody sing to me like Lucille.
Sing, Lucille.

Well, I'll put it like this. Take it easy, Lucille. I
like the way Sammy sings and I like the way Frank
sings, but I can get a little Frank, Sammy, a little
Ray Charles, in fact all the people with soul in
this.

A little Mahalia Jackson in there.

One more, Lucille!

Take it easy now.

You know, I imagine a lot of you wanna know, a lot of
you wanna know why I call the guitar Lucille. Lucille
has practically saved my life two or three times. No
kidding, it really has.

I remember once I was in an automobile accident, and
when the car stopped turning over, it fell over on
Lucille, and it held it up off me, really, it held it
up off me. So that's one time it saved my life.

The way, the way I came by the name of Lucille, I was
over in Twist, Arkansas, I know you've never heard of
that one, have you? And one night the guys started a
ball over there, you know, they started brawling, you
know what I mean. And the guy that was mad with his
old lady, when she fell over on this gas tank that was
burning for heat, the gas ran all over the floor.

And when the gas ran all over the floor, the building
caught on fire, and almost burned me up trying to save
Lucille. Oh I, I imagine you're still wondering why I
call it Lucille, the lady that started that brawl that
night was named Lucille.

And that's been Lucille ever since to me. One more
now, Lucille.

Sounds pretty good to me. Can I do one more?

Look out, Lucille.

Sounds pretty good. I think I'll try one more. 
All right.

// You Move Me So //

I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, it moves me so
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moved me so, moved me so
It might be your kisses or your warm embrace
It might be the smile on your lovely face
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, moved me so
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, moves me so
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moved me so, moved me so
It could be the way that you say 'I love you'
It could be the funny little things you do
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, moved me so
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, it moves me so
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moved me so, moved me so
[Incomprehensible] you sip your tea
The funny little way you make love to me
I don't know what it is about you, baby
That moves me so, oh, you move me
You move me so, oh baby, you moved me so
You move me so, you move me so
Kill me, you move me so

// Country Girl //

You know my little girl 
She's a country girl 
Yes my little girl 
She's a country girl 
But she means more to me 
Than anything in this world 

Yeah she fix my breakfast lunch and dinner 
And she bring it on home on time 
She fix my breakfast lunch and dinner 
And bring it all home on time 
Yes you know I'm glad to be back home 
Hey with this little girl of mine 

You know I'm glad glad glad 
I'm glad to be back home at last 
Whah I'm glad glad glad 
I'm so glad to be back home at last 
Since I've seen my baby 
Yeah how many days have passed 

Yah you know I flew into the station 
About six forty-five 
Yeah my plane it made it into the station this morning 
About six forty-five 
Yes you should've seen my baby's face 
To see my plane arrive 

Yes it made me feel so good 
To walk in through the door 
Yes it made me feel so good to walk into the door 
You know and find everything the same 
Even my pallet layin on the floor 

And I said hi hi baby I won't worry no more 
Whoa I said hi hi hi baby, I won't ever worry any more 
You know I got home this mornin 
And I ain't goin outa that door.

// No Money, No Luck Blues //

Well My bad luck is falling, falling down like rain
Bad luck is falling, falling down like rain
No matter why I do, seems like my luck won't never change

I felt kinda lucky
My luck was running slow
The last hand I caught four aces
And the police broke down the door
I said, Lord
Lord, what can a poor boy do?
Well, ain't it bad when you can't make no money
Seems like all the bad breaks will come to you

Yeah, I got home this morning
She was looking kinda funny
She said, "Don't come in daddy 
Daddy, unless you got some money"
And I said, Lord
Lord, what can a poor boy do?
Well, ain't it bad when you can't make no money
Without your woman turning her back on you

Well, now I asked my woman for some dinner
She looked at me like a fool
She said "I'm playing checkers, daddy
And I think it's your turn to move
I said, oh
Lord, what can a poor boy do?
Well, ain't it bad when you can't make no money
And your woman turning her back on you

// I Need Your Love //

I need someone's hand to lead me through the night
I need someone's arms that's gonna hold and squeeze me tight
Now, when the night begins, ya know I'm at an end
'Cause I need your love so bad

I need some lips, baby, to feel next to mine
I want someone, baby, to stand up and tell me when I'm lyin'
And when the lights are low and it's time to go
Oh, I need, I need your love so bad

So, give it up, and bring it home to me
Or write it on a paper, baby, so it can be read to me
Tell me that you love me and stop drivin' me mad
'Cause I, I need your love so bad

Yes, I need a soft voice, baby, to talk to me at night
And don't you worry, baby, we can make everything alright
Listen to my plea, baby, bring it home to me
I need your love so bad, oh
I need your love, baby, so bad.

// Rainin' All The Time //

Do I have to have sleepless nights?
Do my days have to be so blue?
Do I have to have sleepless nights?
Do my days have to be so blue?
Will I have to suffer for the rest of my life?
Just because I'm so in love with you.

Will the sun have to shine
In this poor heart of mine?
Will the sun have to shine
In this poor heart of mine?
Or will it just keep on rainin'
Will it just keep on rainin' all the time?

The nights in my lonely room
I wake up from my sleep just to cry.
The nights in my lonely room
I wake up from my sleep just to cry.
You know I'll be thinking about you, baby
Every night about this time.

The people think I'm crazy
Think I don't have too much to say.
The people think I'm crazy
Think I don't have too much to say.
But you'll never know how I feel, people
Until you've been hurt this way.

// I'm With You //

Whenever I'm around you baby
Oh you don't know what you do to me
Oh whenever I'm around you baby
You don't know what you do to me
I get so excited baby
Oh you don't know what you do to me

If you just touch me baby
I burst in flames inside
Oh If you just, if you just touch me baby
You start a fire inside
Because you are everything I ever wanted baby
You are all my fool heart desires

Oh run around I'm with you baby
I want to do everything you want me to
Yes run around I'm with you baby
I want to do everything you want me to
Oh for the rest of my life
I want to spend it making love to you

// Stop Putting The Hurt On Me //

You stole my heart away, baby
And you know you robbed me all my pride
You stole my heart away, baby
And you know you robbed me all my pride
Yes, I ain't got nothing left now, baby
But a great big heartache inside
My friends I used to have, baby
Everybody looked on me with shame
The friends, the friends I used to have, baby
Everybody looked on me with shame
They didn't understand it, baby
The way you've made change

I can't talk to nobody, baby
I have to keep it all to myself
Oh, I can't talk, I can't talk to nobody, baby
I have to keep it all to myself
I'm so in love with you, baby
I don't wanna share your love with nobody else

Maybe I'll get over one day, baby
Maybe someday I'll have peace of mind
Oh, I think I'll get over one day, baby
And maybe then I'll have peace of mind
Yes, I won't be hurting, baby
Yes, I won't have to do the things that you put on my mind, yeah--

// Watch Yourself //

Yes people are talkin' all over town
They say you don't love me
You gonna put me down
You better watch yourself baby
You better watch yourself
You better watch yourself
Cause I got my eyes on you

Now you tell me what's the matter
What you gonna do
First you say you love me
Then you say we're through
You better watch yourself baby
Watch yourself
You better watch yourself woman 
Cause I got my eyes on you

I gave you my money
Everything too
A big fat house
Now baby what you gonna do
You better watch yourself
You better watch yourself
You better watch yourself woman
Cause I got my eyes on you

Now you're gonna leave me
Leave me here to cry
Now you know I love you
You're my whole heart's desire
You better watch yourself baby
You better watch yourself
You better watch yourself woman 
Cause I got my eyes on you

Yes!
Yes, yes baby!
Yes, yes baby!
Yes, yes baby!
Yes, yes baby!
Yes, yes baby!

You better watch yourself woman 
You better watch yourself
You better watch yourself baby
Cause I got my eyes on you

