// Lately //

[Ed:]
I seem to find myself talking to the powers that be
Awaking the shade and shadowed under towering trees
Admiring the scene, inhaling fumes of flowers that breathe.
Jet-lagged eyes are begging for an hour to sleep
Although my blood shot whites and irises they never find any
Clock stops at times where the sunshine can blind many
Although my eyes are heavy, they won't be closing soon
'Cause I heard that time waits for nobody, I suppose it's true
We make corrosive tunes through acid tabs and vocables
To see the flashing lights at photo shoots, we make our motive moves
I say whatever I feel to vent a rhyme
So I can still invent the lines and stay close to the friends of mine
"'Cause real will recognise real" is what my father says
And I'll be sticking to this phrase until I pass away
Overworking, no sleep is just another way to die slow
But I'll just keep going strong and never let my eyes close.

[Devlin:]
5 o'clock with lights off
Interview with a vampire
Sleep is for the living and not a utensil that I require
I swear I said, that I'll sleep when I'm dead
Who's on the beat upon the feature with Ed, it's D-E-V to the Z
Overtired, pale-faced like Michael Myers
Bags underneath my eyes can show the baggage I've acquired
And over the time within this maze I'll think you'll find you'll never find that piece of mind you seek to find until your dying
'Cause I got too much to stay awake for, to sleep or even take 4, seconds out the game
It's time to wage war
Scissors, grab a sword, and sharpen up your hunting knives
2 psychopathic lyricists are driving on the hunt tonight
I'm haling from the Essex and the East London boarder line
Villains never sleep the mastermind in all sorts of crimes,
Be wide awake just like your snorting lines
Or get left mortified like you've just seen the ghost of Jesus walking by

[Chorus:]
I never sleep
When trouble steals thoughts from my restless mind for free, it could be,
The times I'm living in I never sleep, when trouble steals thoughts from my restless Mind for free, it could be...
The times I'm living in lately.

[Ed:]
I brush my teeth every night but still I wake up with a bad mouth
And the background is my past and my presence will bring it back out
Deliver the raps how I flow
I live with the raps now and those that hate me call me Ron
But they won't Slytherin too easy, believe me I'm Snape minded
Be within this great time, be on minimum wage, life is a prison escape that I'm in
It's all to do with timing not the label that you sign with
Then my mates are doing fine but then they never put the time in
I try to hide my cold side like when I flip my pillows
Some of the the songs I write are real because the chart is filled with si-lo-con
I'm still broke without the money for a Mac Pro, living out of three bags no talk About my cash flow
Opposite of sober cause I never did my homework
Which has got me on the sofa, no degree but growing older
I played a fool to catch the wise I will never tell a lie
Await death, take deep breaths, try to never die.
Never die.

[Devlin:]
2 guys with the same view, keep it tight like screws
Making metaphors flow and move, like typhoons and tunes
And if we got our eyes on you, we'll catch you while you snooze,
Times elapsing while your catching Z's, the masses like to move
We scan the situation, analyse information, and then decide what probably is most Practical to do,
Driven young gentlemen
I've hardly changed my bed sheets at all over the last 12 months 'causeI haven't Slept in them, true!
I'm coming home, the lights are on, your rights are wrong so I'm correcting 'em
We got the fans all like 'Oh wow it's Devs and Ed' what less did you bloody expect From 'em
In the end sleep deprivation might just be our detriment
Fighting through writers block from 9 o'clock to 5 o'clock and no way will I ever Waste a second of the time I got,
I keep my pupils engaged,
Like a classroom in holy matrimony but I'm only trying to stay awake.

[Chorus:]
I never sleep
When trouble steals thoughts from my restless mind for free, it could be,
The times I'm living in I never sleep, when trouble steals thoughts from my restless Mind for free, it could be... [x4]
The times I'm living in lately.

// You //

These thoughts I have could be clear ones and they can seem vivid
the goals I reach are not near ones the further than limits
I block her out so when I'm looking through my mind she ain't in it
Can I be free for a minute, can I be me for a minute?
The thoughts I have can be dark ones, even be smart ones
Know I'm gonna have a couple straight from the heart ones
Tell you what I think I will until I depart mum
It's you that I lived for, I am the first and the last one to love you lots

Whats better than thinking about the ones you love
Nothing much when you're thinking about the ones you love
I feel the same when I'm in the floor, see the sun above
Unconditional like bills paid when I run them up
No one here to help you pain now you're gonna moan
No one here to save the day now you're all alone
Wish I was born with a golden spoon in my mouth
Fact is I wasn't so, I'm coming from a colder zone

[Chorus]
And when the sun falls down I'll be up again
I never close my eyes,
And if the dawn might break I'll see nothing when (nothing when)
My thoughts are only you and my mind is over you
My thoughts are over you and these words are all for you (all for you)

I wanna see you happy, I wanna see you smile
Cause you're been trespassing, and you won't leave my mind
Now even think about this, call me say, yes nan
I'm 31 now I'm still saying yes nan
You had to replace my mom, dad 2 parents in one
I know your proud staring at your grandson
I found a job I like like, got the flat, the cars, the bike, the quad I like
Because of you I'm tireless in every single song I write
Had a golden life, wanting people to honour mine
Tell 'em while I'm here, cause one day I'm gonna die
And when I'm I'm gone I want my music still playin'
And when my people listen to this track, it's gonna make them wanna cry
I ain't gonna lie, I think about my scene to say the games better is a must now I gotta fly
My talents gonna shine for surely, fam I know it, I work 'round the clock, I don't stop at night.

[Chorus]
And when the sun falls down I'll be up again
I never close my eyes,
And if the dawn might break I'll see nothing when (nothing when)
My thoughts are only you and my mind is over you
My thoughts are over you and these words are all for you (all for you)
My thoughts are only you and my mind is over you
My thoughts are over you and these words are all for you (all for you).

// Family //

Hmm let me go,
To see my family.
Please, Father, let me go,
As my mother sleeps.

Life

I don't know about James Bond,
But 'round here nobody live twice.
When you're gone, you're gone, without no bye,
'Cause only a judge can give you life.
(Get it?)
This is my advice,
Trust me, I nearly lost my life.
3 weeks after I got this ride
Pissed like I had way too much wine.
I wished that I didn't get one,
Anyway, I was going to the Macbeth booked for a set,
Even though I didn't have a set one.
Scream hit the decks, I was like check one.
Put on a show, but it weren't my best one.
Left it, dropped off Blacks at his destination,
Then I was off to the next one,
20 minutes later I was on the M1,
Tired.
But I kept on going,
Fell asleep without even knowing.
No emotion in my face,
No movement in my legs, but the car still kept going.
Woke up,
Lorry,
Flash,
Panic,
Break,
Skid,
Crash,
Skidded,
More,
Bang,
Smash,
Out,
Cold,
Ribs,
Cracked,
Ouch.
I was in so much pain,
Crawled out of a Megane that now looked like a Mini,
When I was still on the first lane.
Baffled, didn't even know my name.
Fainted, too much shock in my brain.
Surrounded by paramedics and feds,
Trying to get up but fainted again.

See, I just want you to take a second, hear me out.
Don't think I'm happy 'cause I smile when you see me out.
I've had serious madness is where I've nearly disappeared,
Oh, I'm begging Lord to save me and let me go,
To see my family,
And keep it inside,
Dry eyes, while my brother weeps.
Save my soul,
Please, Father, let me go.
Keep me safe, as my mother sleeps.

Eyes closed, they just wouldn't open,
I can hear voices and my phone ringing.
Fighting for life, can't tell if I'm winning,
One of the worst situations I've been in.
I can hear all of the angels singing.

But when it stopped humming,
My brain turned on, started running.
Still in pain, but it started numbing,
The stone cold comeback I made was stunning.
I still tried to do a few shows 'cause I didn't wanna tell them that I weren't coming.
But I was left with a permanent problem,
Nobody knows about the pain that I'm inside.
Ever so cunning,
6 weeks later, jogging and running.
I used the first aid kit like a drum set,
Picked up the tools and I gave it a drumming.
Trust me, when it comes to mistakes,
You can't afford to let one in.
Never done dream for a while,
The pipeline was blocked,
So I learnt and done a bit of plumbing.
They say tomorrow never dies,
But he forgot to tell you you can.
You can have a sicker clan than Wu-Tang,
But when your time's up, that's it, it's you fam.
You can try beg for another,
Sometimes I'll be on my way to a show,
Thinking 'I just wanna see my brother',
Then do a U-turn, I'm gone, Runner.

See, I just want you to take a second, hear me out.
Don't think I'm happy 'cause I smile when you see me out.
I've had serious madness is where I've nearly disappeared.
Oh, I'm begging Lord to save me and let me go,
To see my family.
And keep it inside,
Dry eyes, while my brother weeps.
Save my soul,
Please, Father, let me go.
Keep me safe.
⟔As my mother sleeps

And let me go, to see my family
And keep it inside,
Dry eyes, while my brother weeps
Save my soul,
Please, Father, let me go
And keep me safe⟓

// Radio //

Hi, my name is JME, there was a time when radio played me
Cause my music came from my heart, it was real to me
But now it's a par
I'm here struggling, keeping it real, while the rest of them are hustling, seeking a deal,
Sometimes I sit back and think JME just do one tune, make a couple G's and chill,
The reason I started making music is the exact same reason that I'll never do it, I swear
I didn't go through all that for this
I'll give that a miss, that's just how it is, unfair, straight Who could tell me different, look at me, determined,
Man on a mission, my music is me, and I am my music
So like it or lump it, I'm a do this

[Chorus:]
I never had a playlist in my heart, oho
Now I need an A list just to chart oho
But I've been famous from the start oho
How am I gonna make my mark? oho oh
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in, forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh, oh, oh

Thank God for night clubs and the raves
Cause I don't think they like us on the airwaves
Unless we water it down, but cordial music is boring me now
I swear, I guess it matters what your goal is
Or in this music scene, what your role is
I'm still trying here, cause I'm a pioneer
I use my mouth less than I use my eyes and ears
See I'm just telling you the truth
Can't shoot the messenger, bullet proof booth,
You won't hear me on the radio, but go to the rave and the crowd, they're raising roof
Why is that? What's going on there?
To tell you the truth, I don't really care
I am my music, my music is me
Like it or not, this is how it's gonna be

[Chorus:]
I never had a playlist in my heart, oho
Now I need an A list just to chart oho
But I've been famous from the start oho
How am I gonna make my mark oho
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh, oho, oh

I feel it on the airwave, spinning on the dial
Bleeding through the speakers, rhythm by the pile,
So won't you hear me out?
Never feel it from the base line, feel it in the club
Maybe I could take time singing for the dub
So won't you hear me out?
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh
Are you gonna play me, though, this song was never meant for the radio
I get in forget the radio spin, I'm just doing my thing, and I don't have time for a playlist
How much will you pay me though? The song was not a hit on the radio, oho, oho, oho, oh.

// Little Lady //

[Mikill Pane:]
Listen
Little lady, this is just the worst way to spend your birthday
It's 30 degrees, Thursday
You work late, you was with a perv making dirty fake love in his Mercedes
Lady, the word 'rape' sums up events that take place every night
You wanna get up but you know your legs will ache if you try
And you remember that your punter went crazy last night
You drag yourself to the mirror to check your face then you cry
Forget the visit to the clinic you were booked in for
You'll make a trip to the Whittington where they'll look at your jaw
They'll be inquisitive and ask about your business for sure
They'll know you're fibbing if you tell them you got hit by a door
But young woman
The pimp sees you as nothing but a dumb hooker
Medical attention could be fatal
'Cause the cunt wouldn't ever let a doctor near someone that's getting dough for him
'Cause next you got poxy authorities sticking their noses in

[Ed Sheeran:]
She's just under the upper hand
And goes mad for a couple grams
And she don't wanna go outside, tonight.
'Cause in the pipe she'll fly to the motherland and
Sell love to another man
It's too cold outside, for angels to fly.
For angels to fly.

[Mikill Pane:]
Little lady, your mind you've made up
Your injuries you can't hide with make-up
You need some medical advice, you make up
A little lie to say just
In case the doc opens his eyes and don't decide to play dumb
With any luck you'll see the same dude who stitched your top lip
Last year when your pimp just lost it
He wouldn't recognise you if you stared him in the face anyway
'Cause all the heroin is making you age
But you're a heroine for taking the strain of being a prostitute and punching bag
The funds you have left go where you're from using Moneygram
Mother had to get you out the motherland to study
That was all she struggled to have a single daughter with the upper hand
Little does she know you're never coming back
She put you in her brother's hand only for him to formulate another plan
He's the fucking cause of your appalling state this summer
Fancy that, you came to London to get pimped by your Uncle, damn.

[Ed Sheeran:]
She's just under the upper hand
Goes mad for a couple grams
And she don't wanna go outside, tonight.
'Cause in the pipe she'll fly to the motherland and
Sell love to another man
It's too cold outside, for angels to fly
Now an angel will die, covered in white
With closed eyes and hoping for a better life
This time, we'll fade out tonight,
Straight down the line.

[Mikill Pane:]
Little lady, you're trembling with fear
Your skinny frame kinda resembles a deer
You're sitting facing the detective, oh dear
The meddling nurse couldn't just leave it,
She's only gone and made it much worse calling police in
She'll never know the gravity of the damage she's caused
You're causing scandal going mad in the ward now
The cop is trying to calm you, telling you he won't let no one harm you
The same question he keeps trying to ask you, 'Who you working for?'
He's talking to you like you're worth more than a dirty whore
You're having a conversation you could be murdered for
You're learning more about exactly why you need to help bring him or her to court
It's kicking knowledge you ain't ever heard before
Just before he leaves, he reassures you that he knows that it's hard
He underlines a mobile number you can phone on his card
Begs you to use it
He's useless if you're gonna be stupid
'Cause an answer hasn't come from your bruised lips, you're on your own
You've gotta go and give your pimp what you owe
You reach your door and then it dawns that you've been followed home
Before you turn around you feel a cold blade on your throat
And then a voice says, 'Where you been bitch? I wanna know.'
No prizes for guessing who it is, resistance would be foolishness
You open the front door, he boots you in
There's something new in him, he's silent now that fills you with terror
Get your alibi straight, you could be killed for an error
He towers over you, the 6 inch knife catches the sunlight
At this point your life flashes before your eyes
Your handbag's dropped and all the contents are all over the floor
Despite the mess there's only one thing that's caught his eye
And in the moment of rage, he brutally murders his niece
And dumps her body in the boot of his Merc in the street.
Little lady left this earth in the worst way
All because she got a card on her 13th birthday

[Ed Sheeran:]
And we're all under the upper hand
And go mad for a couple grams
And we don't wanna go outside, tonight.
'Cause in the pipe she'll fly to the motherland and
Sell love to another man.
It's too cold outside, for angels to fly, for angels to fly, and fly fly,
For angels to fly, to fly, to fly, angels to die

// Drown Me Out //

I'm in so deep Omar Epps can relate to my situation on a real, 
Pain ain't the emotion I wanna feel but I'm thriving off it so it's only right, I like this topic
I'll be on a hill, keeping my head above water
I can't afford to ever get caught in a corner
So I move with the force of a sorcerer
It's dark when I'm about just me myself and my shadow
I'm parro, running out of ammo, and it seems like everyone around me is on the same path so it's narrow
The less then the better, a more proof for the last one left so they don't leave me as wet as an umbrella
I play fool to catch wise are they ever gonna guess I'm clever
How can I be at my best with this pressure
I got a lot to loose but when I watch the news my mind's infected with terror
No wonder I'm under stress, I got my door kicked off by a bunch of feds
And when they left It looked like I had rave and invited more than a hundred guests
I should of bust the back door and jump the fence
It easy when you look back, shoulda, woulda, coulda but I bet you can't bring should woulda could back
Back to fifteen I said to myself, that I'm more than a hood track!

Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out
Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out, out, out
You won't drown me out, out, out
You won't drown me out

You can't ever drown me out, the water supplies too low
And I'm around about 6'1, 10 stone
I've never seen someone drown without, a sufficient amount of liquid in their lungs
A violent MC, my mouth can vouch
Do I sound like I'm choking? Seriously, do I sound like I'm joking?
I'm floating, even though that they wanna send me to the bottom of the ocean
But I am a ship that's sunk many years, I'm maintaining
Plain sailing, no commotion
Like a dolphin, when it's in motion
But i can't break me, so why would I show them I'm broken
No real shit, throw my skin ain't close to corrosion
Fuck em all, this ain't tug of war, still don't get roped in the open, I don't wanna reveal my violent side
But I swear that I will soon if the Lord above don't provide a sign
Then I'ma kill you, arm for arm, eye for eye
Nah, I just wanna live my life, but you don't wanna see this guy survive.

Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out
Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out, out, out
You won't drown me out
You won't drown me out

Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out
Ooo, you can drag me in the deep ends
Ooo, but you will never drown me out, out, out
You won't drown me out
You won't drown me out.

// Nightmares //

They tell me you can only dream when you fell asleep
But now I'm working to achieve, but sleep is the only thing I never see
And I vowed that my breathing will never cease
To the retrieve then I can't let them be
I won't let 'em leave and I had the same feeling since 17
But I wasn't ready then like a lemon's green
Now I'm in the magazines almost every week,
Cause I'm getting heat like in Tenerife,
Right now it's better than it's ever been
Never fade like a plant that's evergreen
It's what I hoped in my heart, but my self doubts are getting me,
Faith in my crafts getting dark by the day and I'm getting weak,
Cause I'm new, I'm not where the stars be.
They chase dreams together like a slumber party,
And now I'm on my own, even though I'm smooth sailing
I'm scared to sing, cause my nightmares'll fade in.

[Chorus:]
When the darkness creeps in,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
And when my dreams are sleeping,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
Oh, oh, oh!
I feel my nightmares watching me.

You better wake up cause I am making moves,
And even when I'm dozing I'm breaking rules,
I'm only hitting the sack when I'm training,
Too busy trying to keep up with the latest snooze.
Made my bed and that's where I'm heading,
I fly straight with the best man I embed 'em
Married to the game was a quiet wedding, then I had to fight to get her
Now I'm taking control of my inception,
Cause they try to hit my misses with my erection,
See they better marry donna cause when I strike, strike,
Not even Argentina's gonna cry for them.
See I'm awake at night, with the ammunish
The haters know where the family lives.
Anyone I catch playing knock down ginger,
Is gonna lose a lot more, than I need it.
They say sleep is the cousin of death,
But I hear shit, cousin I am deaf
Gang signs I'm a N/A reading.
I'm a CEO, man you suckers are next.

[Chorus:]
When the darkness creeps in,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
And when my dreams are sleeping,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
Oh, oh, oh!
I feel my nightmares watching me.
They watching me! They watch me sleep!

Let me go!
I fell asleep on sofa, woke up in reality,
And daydream about losing my sanity.
I've been rhyming forever got a blind flow.
So I can see an off note with my eyes closed.
But to achieve your dreams you can't doze off cause you dream a sleep
I ain't nodding off but I'm nodding to the beat.
I be shocking in my sheets, when I should have been asleep.
See, all the dreams I'm fond of,
You placed me in the team insomnia
Now, I'm Mr hard worker,
In my nightmares I'm Mr can't turn up,
And I missed my chance worst luck,
Trying to hit women like Mr Ike Turner
Ch'yeah, but I walked from that ish,
Now they gotta put me to rest, mattress.

[Chorus:]
When the darkness creeps in,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
And when my dreams are sleeping,
I feel my nightmares watching me.
Oh, oh, oh!
I feel my nightmares watching me.
Watching me!

// Goodbye To You //

Hey... Can you hear me?
I just wanted to let you know...
Hmm...

I hope you can hear what I write to you
How could I say goodbye to you?
When I'm a life that came out of the inside of a life that was inside of you
I gotta respect the way you provided food, for the whole fam
You came over a moon rush supporting a mar jays old man
Cold double 8, 8 kids bare wheels
Plus racists full of hatred in your own plant
3 jobs in a day
Rest in life in you working but you were never stress free
Just locked in a cage slaving
They said they were gold in the pavements
But you came and saw the road to amazement
Broke your heart
But still you were prone to last and your sorrow was over fast
I hope your listening right
I still think of you every Sunday
No one can top your chicken and rice
Even through the darkness times
You held us all up because your vision was bright
I knew your strength was your wisdom inside
You never let anyone see your heartache
You just got on with it
Anyone tells me that they knew you said you were beautiful
And your words you would stand strong with it
Cause they were like warmth on a winter night
But I was just too young to go on with it
And there somethings I could try to do
But it's an impossible task for me to even try to say goodbye to you
I couldn't do that, I owe my life to you.

And of the pieces of my soul...
(Because I need a sign, I hope this pain will heal in time...)
You know I never want to be alo-oh-oh-one...

I can see the stars as a cold wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you? Ohh...

I think you phoney
I was younger with the knowledge of things that I know now
I would be by your side when you needed me
Instead of asking you 'Nan can I go out? '
Standing in a road with the gangs that I know now
Everyone's missing you loads, Jessica's grown up
Warreen, Lauren and Alex are fine and I'm living with hope
It's been a while since I've seen C and the mouths
I miss seeing a family, being a family
And us agreeing with smiles how it used to be as a child
But as time goes by, the bridge seems longer
Family problems have never been funny
In my heart the only one that dissed me was Sonia
She took all our inheritance money
Left the rest of us to pick up the pieces
I never forgive the way she betrayed us.
There ain't a big enough reason
Before I sell out my fam I'll be giving up breathing
But I guess that everyone's different
Or should I say no one's perfect?
She had happiness in front of her
But chose to ride the wave that no ones surfing.
Since you gone the foundations crumbled
So building it back up is my next step
I got all the bricks and the cement but
It's hard when it's done, I don't know what to expect
So give me the strength that I need to perform this task
Make it right, I must do
And I ask cause I trust you
It goes way beyond a song when I say I love you.

And of the pieces of my soul...
(Because I need a sign I hope this pain will heal in time...)
You know I never wanna be alo-oh-oh-one...

I can see the stars as a cold the wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you? Ohh...

It's just for now so I should hush...
I'll never get enough, I'll see you when I see you but,
I miss you... Ohh how I miss you...
It's just for now so I should hush...
I'll never get enough, I'll see you when I see you but,
I miss you... Ohh how I miss you...

There ain't enough words to describe
How sorry I am for the pain that I caused
Sorry for when I stuck up my own blood
We were young and he said it was rapeing his broad
And for the day police came to the door
I'm sorry for being such a bad youth
Stealing from your purse and making you mourn
I never been able to say this before
Cause I was so inconsiderate
You loved me unconditionally
And I took advantage of it like a idiot.
Not seeing the pure soul that I was living with
I really hope that you can forgive me
You going away was a punishment
But I won't let go I'm holding you with me
But I still fight the emotions within me.

I can see the stars as the cold wind greets the air
And will you think of me up there?
And can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down your face,
Feel the chill of your warm embrace?
And can I say goodbye to you?

I can see the stars as a cold wind greets the air,
And will you think of me up there?
Can I say goodbye to you?
And paint the stains of the teardrops down my face
Or feel the chill of your warm embrace?
Can I say goodbye to you...?

