Album: TheNumberOfTheBeast

// Invaders //

Longboats have been sighted
And the evidence of war has begun
Many Nordic fighting men
Their swords and shields all gleam in the sun
Call to arms defend yourselves
Get ready to stand and fight for your lives
Judgement day has come around
So be prepared – don't run – stand your ground

They're coming in from the sea
They've come the enemy
Beneath the blazing sun
The battle has to be won
Invaders... Pillaging!
Invaders... Looting!

Set ablaze the campfires and alert the other men from inland
Warning must be given and there's not enough men here for a stand
The Vikings are too many, much too powerful to take on our own
We must have reinforcements, we cannot fight this battle alone

They're coming over the hill
They've come to attack
They're coming in for the kill
There's no turning back
Invaders... Fighting!
Invaders... Marauding!

Axes grind and maces clash as wounded fighters fall to the ground
Severed limbs and fatal woundings bloody corpses lay all around
The smell of death and burning flesh the battle-weary fight to the end
The Saxons have been overpowered victims of the mighty Norsemen

You'd better scatter and run
The battle's lost and not won
You'd better get away
To fight another day
Invaders... Raping!
Invaders... Plundering!

// Children Of The Damned //

He's walking like a small child
But watch his eyes burn you away
Black holes in his golden stare
God knows he wants to go home

Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned

He's walking like a dead man
If he had lived he would've crucified us all
Now he's standing on his last step
He thought, "Oblivion? Well, it beckons us all."

Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned
Children of the Damned

Now it's burning his hands, he's turning to laugh
Smiles as the flame sears his flesh
Melting his face, screaming in pain
Peeling the skin from his eyes
Watch him die according to plan
He's dust on the ground, what did we learn?

Oh-o-o-o-o-ooh
Oh-o-o-o-o-ooh

You're children of the Damned
Your back's against the wall
You turn into the light
You're burning in the night
You're children of the Damned
Like candles watch them burn
Burning in the light
You'll burn again tonight
Children of the Damned

// The Prisoner //

We want information, information, information
Who are you?
The new number 2
Who is number 1?
You are number 6
I am not a number, I am a free man!

I'm on the run, I kill to eat
I'm starving now, feelin' dead on my feet
Goin' all the way, I'm nature's beast
Do what I want and do as I please

Run, fight to breathe, it's tough
Now you see me, now you don't
Break the walls, I'm comin' out

Not a prisoner, I'm a free man
And my blood is my own now
Don't care where the past was
I know where I'm going – out!

If you kill me, it's self-defense
But if I kill you then I call it vengeance
Spit in your eye, I will defy
You'll be afraid of when I call out your name

Run, fight to breathe, it's gonna be tough
Now you see me and now you don't
Break the walls, I'm comin' out

Not a prisoner, I'm a free man
And my blood is my own now
Don't care where the past was
I know where I'm going

I'm not a number, I'm a free man
Live my life where I want to
You'd better scratch me from your black book
'Cause I'll run rings around you

Not a prisoner, I'm a free man
And my blood is my own now
Don't care where the past was
I know where I'm going

I'm not a number, I'm a free man
Live my life where I want to
You'd better scratch me from your black book
'Cause I'll run rings around you

Not a prisoner, I'm a free man
And my blood is my own now
Don't care where the past was
I know where I'm going

// 22 Acacia Avenue //

If you're feeling down depressed and lonely
I know a place where we can go
22 Acacia Avenue
Meet a lady that I know
So if you're looking for a good time
And you're prepared to pay the price
Fifteen quid is all she asks for
Everybody's got their vice

If you're waiting for a long time
For the rest to do their piece
You can tell her that you know me
And you might even get it free
So any time you're down the East End
Don't you hesitate to go
You can take my honest word for it
She'll teach you more than you can know

Charlotte can't you get out from all this madness?
Can't you see it only brings you sadness?
When you entertain your men don't know the risk of getting disease
Some day when you're reach the age of forty
I bet you'll regret the days when you were laying
Nobody then will want to know
You won't have any beautiful wares to show, any more

22, the Avenue
That's the place where we all go
You will find it's warm inside
The red light's burning bright tonight

Charlotte isn't it time you stopped this mad life
Don't you ever think about the bad times
Why do you have to live this way?
Do you enjoy your lay or is it the pay?
Sometimes when you're strolling down the avenue
The way you walk it makes men think of having you
When you're walking down the street
Everybody stops and turns to stare at you

22, the Avenue
That's the place where we all go
You will find it's warm inside
The red light's burning bright tonight

Beat her, mistreat her, do anything that you please
Bite her, excite her, make her get down on her knees
Abuse her, misuse her, she can take all that you've got
Caress her, molest her, she always does what you want?

You're running away, don't you know what you're doing?
Can't you see it'll lead you to ruin?
Charlotte you've taken your life and you've thrown it away
You believe that because what you're earning?
Your life's good don't you know that it's hurting?
All the people that love you don't cast them aside
All the men that are constantly drooling
It's no life for you stop all that screwing
You're packing your bags, you're coming with me

// The Number Of The Beast //

Woe to you, o'er Earth and Sea
For the Devil sends the beast with wrath
Because he knows the time is short
Let him who hath understanding reckon the number of the beast
For it is a human number
Its number is six hundred and sixty six

I left alone, my mind was blank
I needed time to think to get the memories from my mind
What did I see? Can I believe that what I saw
That night was real and not just fantasy?
Just what I saw, in my old dreams, were they
Reflections of my warped mind staring back at me?
Cause in my dreams, it's always there
The evil face that twists my mind and brings me to despair

Yeah!

The night was black, was no use holding back
Cause I just had to see, was someone watching me?
In the mist, dark figures move and twist
Was all this for real or just some kind of hell?

666 the number of the beast
Hell and fire was spawned to be released

Torches blazed and sacred chants were phrased
As they start to cry, hands held to the sky
In the night, the fires are burning bright
The ritual has begun, Satan's work is done

666 the number of the beast
Sacrifice is going on tonight

This can't go on, I must inform the law
Can this still be real, or just some crazy dream?
But I feel drawn towards the chanting hordes
They seem to mesmerize, can't avoid their eyes

666 the number of the beast
666 the one for you and me

I'm coming back, I will return
And I'll possess your body and I'll make you burn
I have the fire, I have the force
I have the power to make my evil take its course

// Run To The Hills //

White man came across the sea
He brought us pain and misery
He killed our tribes, he killed our creed
He took our game for his own need

We fought him hard, we fought him well
Out on the plains we gave him hell
But many came too much for Cree
Oh will we ever be set free?

Riding through dust clouds and barren wastes
Galloping hard on the plains
Chasing the redskins back to their holes
Fighting them at their own game
Murder for freedom the stab in the back
Women and children are cowards attack

Run to the hills, run for your lives
Run to the hills, run for your lives

Soldier blue in the barren wastes
Hunting and killing their game
Raping the women and wasting the men
The only good Injuns are tame
Selling them whiskey and taking their gold
Enslaving the young and destroying the old

Run to the hills, run for your lives
Run to the hills, run for your lives

Run to the hills, run for your lives
Run to the hills, run for your lives
Run to the hills, run for your lives
Run to the hills, run for your lives

// Gangland //

Shadows may hide you but also may be your grave
You're running today maybe tomorrow you'll be saved
You pray for the daylight to save you for a while
You wonder if your children will face the killer's smile

Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, murder's up for sale
Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, where the jail birds die

Face at the window leers into your own
But it's only your reflection still you tremble in your bones
How long can you hide? How long till they come?
A rat in a trap but you've got to survive

Once you were glad to be free for a while
The air tasted good and the world was your friend
Then came the day when the hard times began
Now you're alone but alive for how long?

Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, murder's up for sale
Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, where the jail birds die

A knife at your throat another body on the pile
A contract to keep and it's service with a smile
Murder for vengeance or murder for gain
Death on the streets or a blackened out jail

Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, murder's up for sale
Dead men, tell no tales
Gangland, where the jail birds die

Dead men, gangland
Murder, gangland
Tell no tales

// Hallowed Be Thy Name //

I'm waiting in my cold cell, when the bell begins to chime
Reflecting on my past life and it doesn't have much time
Cause at 5 o'clock they take me to the Gallows Pole
The sands of time for me are running low
Running low, yeah

When the priest comes to read me the last rites
I take a look through the bars at the last sights
Of a world that has gone very wrong for me

Can it be that there's some sort of error?
Hard to stop the surmounting terror
Is it really the end, not some crazy dream?

Somebody please tell me that I'm dreaming
It's not easy to stop from screaming
But words escape me when I try to speak

Tears fall but why am I crying?
After all I'm not afraid of dying
Don't I believe that there never is an end?

As the guards march me out to the courtyard
Somebody cries from a cell "God be with you"
If there's a God why has He let me go?

As I walk my life drifts before me
And though the end is near I'm not sorry
Catch my soul, it's willing to fly away

Mark my words believe my soul lives on
Don't worry now that I have gone
I've gone beyond to seek the truth

When you know that your time is close at hand
Maybe then you'll begin to understand
Life down here is just a strange illusion

Yeah, yeah, yeah... Hallowed be Thy name
Yeah, yeah, yeah... Hallowed be Thy name
Yeah

// Total Eclipse //

Cold as steel, the darkness waits its hour will come
A cry of fear from our children worshipping the sun
Mother nature's black revenge on those who wasted her life
War babies in the garden of Eden shall turn our ashes to ice

Sunrise has gone
Freezing up the fires
Sunrise has gone
Numbing our desires
Sunrise has gone
Sunrise has gone

Around the world the people stop with terror stricken eyes
A shadow cast upon them all to crush them like a fly
In the icy rain and whiplashed seas, there's nowhere left to run
The hammer blows of winter fall like a hurricane

Sunrise has gone
Freezing up the fires
Sunrise has gone
Numbing our desires

Around the world the nations wait
For some wise word from their leading light
You know it's not only madmen who listen to fools
"Is this the end?" the millions cried
Clutching their riches as they died
Those who survive must weather the storm

Gone are the days when man looked down
They've taken away his sacred crown
To be so free, it took so long
It's not journey's end, it's just begun

