Album: MrAndMrsUsedToBe

// Mr. And Mrs. Used To Be //

Now we go our seperate ways Mr and Mrs Used To Be
For oh so long I've loved you I know that you loved me
But time moved on and we grew far apart
It's not the way I wanted but the judge has set you free
Although you're still the first one in my heart
I just don't understand it how people such as we
Could know the love that we have known but somehow disagree
I hope that you'll be happy the same dear you from me
Now we go our seperate ways Mr and Mrs Used To Be

At first it was like heaven on earth for you and me
But heaven's sure has changed a lot since then
I can't put all the blame on you for some belongs to me
But started out at heaven reached an end
I guess we could have made it but pride stood in our way
For love to live it must have worked we never seemed the same
And so I say goodbye now kiss the kids for me
Now we go our seperate ways Mr and Mrs Used To Be

// I'll Just Call You Darling //

I'll just call you darling and I'll call you the same
And if we ever cry out in the night we won't call each other's name

I'm afraid that I'm falling and I'm falling too
But we both belong to others we're not free
I know I'll dream about you but if you'll call my name
We'll both hurt someone who shouldn't be

So I'll just call you darling...

I didn't mean for it to happen and we can't turn back time
But it just happened we can't help it now
I have no right to hurt her and he's still in love with me
Why we're the ones who broke our wedding vows

So I'll just call you darling...

// I Reached For The Wine //

My eyes are perfect but now I see I'm blind
Because I didn't notice all those danger signs
I tried and tried to tell you oh so many times
You should reach for your baby but I reached for the wine

Remember I told you that someday you would find
Just you and your bottle at the end of the line
You'd still be here in my arms and not just on my mind
If you'd reach for your baby like I reached for the wine

If I could reach you just one more time
I'd show you I love you much more than the wine
Many nights my pillow feels these arms of mine
For they couldn't reach you cause I reached for the wine

I'm sure you'll find someone who will be kind and true
That's the things I wanted but I wanted them from you
Our love could have lasted until the end of time
If I'd reach for you baby like I reached for the wine

If I could reach you...
My arms couldn't reach you cause I reached for the wine

// My Past Brought Me To You (Your Past Brought You To Me) //

Ours was a love people said just couldn't last
They said we'd have no future cause we had too much past
But we're still together and we will always be
My past brought me to you your past brought you to me

No matter what we've ever done whether it be wrong or right
It led us to each other's arms and to this place tonight
So be thankful for a past without it we could never be
My past brough me to you your past brought you to me

We were unhappy so we started slippin' around
We met each other and we like what we found
We found a true love that will last eternaly
My past brought me to you your past brought you to me

No matter what we've ever done...

// Are You Mine //

Are you mine all life through?
Will you kiss me when I'm blue?
Will you whisper I love you?
And make all my dreams come true?

Will you share the good and bad?
Bring me joy when I am sad?
Tell me darlin',
Are you mine and only mine?

Are you mine?
(Yes, I am.)
All the time?
(Yes, I am.)
Mine alone?
(Yes, sirree.)
All my own?
(All your own.)

No one else will ever do.
I'll be yours and I'll be true.
Don't worry dear,
Have no fear 'cause I'm yours.

Are you mine tell me dear?
Will I always have you near?
Will the love light always shine
In your heart just like in mine?

Will you give as well as take?
Keep the vows that you will make?
Tell me darlin'
Are you mine and only mine?

Are you mine?
(Yes, I am.)
All the time?
(Oh, yes I am.)
Mine alone?
(You're only one.)
All my own?
(Absolutely.)

No one else will ever do.
I'll be yours and I'll be true.
Don't worry dear,
Have no fear 'cause I'm yours.

Are you mine rich or poor?
Tell me darling, are you sure?
Will you whisper, yes I do?
And forever love me true?

Will you honor and obey?
Will you promise not to stray?
Tell me darlin',
Are you mine and only mine?

Are you mine?
(Yes, I am.)
All the time?
(Oh, yes I am.)
Mine alone?
(You're only one.)
All my own?
(Absolutely.)

No one else will ever do.
I'll be yours and I'll be true.
Don't worry dear,
Have no fear 'cause I'm yours.

Don't worry dear.
Have no fear.
'Cause, I'm yours...

// Our Hearts Are Holding Hands //

We're far apart but our hearts are holding hands

Yes, it's hard to sit here by myself each night
Not knowing where you are or when I'll hold you tight
Yes I have temptations sometimes it's pretty rough
But temptation's never strong as our sweet love.

'Cause our hearts are holding hands across the miles
Even though we're lonely we can smile
'Cause I know you're my woman and I know you're my man
We're far apart but our hearts are holding hands.

Today a stranger looked my way and flashed his gold
And said he'd buy me all the treasures I could hold
But I took out your last letter where you wrote you love me so
And there I found the strenght to tell him no

'Cause our hearts are holding hands across the miles
Even though we're lonely we can smile
'Cause I know you're my woman and I know you're my man
We're far apart but our hearts are holding hands.

And come what may our hearts are holding hands...

// Keep Those Cards And Letters Coming In //

Didn't want to be no soldier didn't want to leave your side
Didn't want to cross that ocean it's so deep and wide
I guess that I'm just bluest soldier in all Germany
But so I'm blue I'm gonna be true if you'll just write to me

Gotta keep those cards and letters coming in honey
Say you love me time and time again honey
It's many a miles from Nashville to Berlin honey
So keep those cards and letters coming in

You tell me that my letters killed you keep my lovin' on your mind
Keep your heart from everything and out of sweet frauleins
But every letter that you write honey I'll write free
Keep let me know you miss me so till you come home to me

Gotta keep those cards and letters...
So keep those cards and letters coming in

// Just Between The Two Of Us //

People think it's wonderful our love can be so true
You never say an angry word no matter what I do
And you have so much faith in me you trust me anywhere
But the reason if they only knew is that we just don't care

Just between the two of us let's give up this fantasy
For we no longer care enough to even disagree
Everybody envies us and the way we get along
But just between the two of us we know our love is gone
Wish we could go back again to days that used to be

We fought a lot but even then I knew you cared for me
Now we get along so well no teardrops ever fall
But there's no love no anything there's nothing left at all

Just between the two of us...

// We're Not Kids Anymore //

We're not kids anymore not a little girl and boy
But we break each other's heart like a child breaks a toy
We're a woman and a man watchin' love slip through our hands
Let's grow up we're not kids anymore

I go out of my way to hurt you more ev'ry day
And you cry like your little heart will break
And ev'ry time you make me blue I make a point to hurt you too
And I wonder how much more our love can take

We're not kids anymore not a little girl and boy
But we break each other's heart like a child breaks a toy
We're a woman and a man watchin' love slip through our hands
Let's grow up we're not kids anymore

We're not kids anymore not a little girl and boy
But we break each other's heart like a child breaks a toy
We're a woman and a man watchin' love slip through our hands
Let's grow up we're not kids anymore
Let's grow up we're not kids anymore

// Love Was Right Here All The Time //

I overlooked a love I couldn't see
Until that day you walked away from me
That's what it took for this poor fool to find
That your sweet love was right here all the time

When we broke up I started searchin' to
For our love hid from me as well as you
How could I be so foolish and so blind
When your true love was right here all the time

Right here was love when neither one expected it to be
Right here was love before our eyes that neither one could see
We'll let the world go by dear we won't mind
For our true love was right here all the time

Right here was love...

// Two In The Cold //

You're just across the room but we're still a world apart
It's as though we built a wall of ice around our hearts
We should speak because there's so much to be tald
But we're locked in a silence just two in the cold

We had two hearts that beat in perfect kind
One broke the pattern was it yours or was it mine
We need command to break but pride has its hold
So we set the world apart just two in the cold

We let our silly quarrel devide our hearts
And it has left us more than just a room apart
We need to talk because there's so much to be tald
But we're locked in a silence just two in the cold

We had two hearts that beat...

// A Dear John Letter //

Dear John oh how I hate to write
Dear John I must let you know tonight
That my love for you has died away like grass upon the lawn
And tonight I wed another dear John

I was overseas in battle when the mail called up to me
And they handed me a letter why I was happy as could be
For the fighting was all over and the battle had been won
Then I opened up the letter and that started Dear John

Dear John oh how I hate to write...

Will you please send back my picture my husband wants it now
And when I tell you who I'm marrying well you won't care dear anyhow
Now the ceremony has started and I'll wed your brother Don
Will you wish us happiness forever dear John

And tonight I wed another dear John

