Album: TreesTruths

// The Trees //

The pink ring got a nigga feeling bossy
Spit it through the wire that's flossy
Dark car seats
Gotta get it it's critical fuck a critic
Approach is so analytical, sinning like fuck a cynic
My, nigga, we heavy on the grind
Burdens like boulders and sitting so heavy on my mind
Curdled my shoulders from sitting so heavy in this shine
Take them chains off
Take the pain off
Let the levees break
Let's piss Wayne off with the flow
Got a chainsaw for the tree and champagne flutes for the toast
It's a celebration
We no strangers to degradation
Whatever you do partake in, the answer is elevation
Don't get too high
People too dependent on luck
Get your house in order
We like two men and a truck
It's a movement
Gotta keep it strategic
Gotta push the margins
Keep your paper collegiate
Free Nation for life!
I took a pledge of allegiance
Gotta look out for snakes
It's like the garden of Eden, in my city fam!
Pretty lambs get played
Like pitty pat
Your hand look pretty whack, if you ain't jacking all trades!
They fade you out the back like bald fades
Your dark days be done
But to the fleas
Eat my knees
I'll be running with you
Breaking bread with my peoples
Cause' I want it with you

My nigga you see the trees
My nigga you see the leaves
Well homie, I see the roots
I'm only speaking the truth
And they hate that
And they hate that shit, my G!

Youngin', been on his griggity-grind
Since nine-five
Skateboarding home from school
Cause' moms' work nine to five
And pops', 10-57
That's code
For missing persons
That's cold
But no-one's perfect
I fold
The bigger person
We cool
They lift the curtains just to see a young, black man
Blackjacking age
On the tracks
Stacking pages of that knowledge that they don't acknowledge
That's wiggity-whack, jack
Like aflac, I'm screaming at you
Why you niggas ducking out the way?
Probably cause' you ducking through your days!
Dodging bullets from your dogs
Just to run into some strays
Cause' them Ben Frankie Beverly's
Got you running through a maze
In a daze where these little niggas
Kill for the hell of it
Always down to ride for the little shit they' peddling
Hear the gun stutter like an ill speech impediment
Bet the verbs give your itch the chills
Chill, peep the rhetoric
Bet them curves have us rolling 'round
Chill, peep the medicine
That's exactly what they came from
Ginger ale and Marijuana
Nice conversations sipping Zinfandel from Carolina
Everything is thrifted
Playing pin the tail on my designer
It's 98!
Chill shit for my trill niggas
98
On my back I'm in this Hilfiger
Sealed liquor
Off in my truck I'm with the homies
Want no coppers catch me slippin'
On my pimpin'
I'm too ill nigga!
All you suckas just some lil' niggas!

This rap shit just an amalgamation of a Southside nigga
91st. 79. 63rd
Fuck with me Famo!

// FreeNation Rebel Soldier //

Start the steamer
We steaming the marijuana
Like spark plugs for the conversation
Free Nation Rebels a compilation of real niggas
Field niggas, don't you let us off the chain
Cause we plotting, I'm just writing
Fingers bleeding like I'm picking cotton
Fresh jazz, but I spit it rotten
Put vendettas in the letters for the mail
But I'm picking Stockton
Fuck your stocks, I'm a bigger option
Fuck your couch, you a opp
In my socks, we can get it popping
Get the picture, we don't do the cropping
Clean floor, we don't do no mopping
Fuck you thought it was
Niggas talk, we don't make them stop
Cause we often too busy with debacles
To worry about the debauchery, oh
All saints [?]
Got caught up with a case
Nigga handcuffed with a narc
I ain't never preaching above you
Just telling you about the struggle
Cause the flash ain't never going to bring the light to the dark
It's all good
Like the kush I been puffing with this ginger ale
This world cold but it's nothing if you been in hell
I tell them patience isn't hard when you been in jail
Ready for the war, nigga, Tom Clancy, Splinter Cell
Since they whooped Emmett Till shit done been real
Billy with the wood club and sword with the pencil
Use a stencil
And probably still couldn't trace Sean
Puffing up pepper spray
And they say I'm spitting mace
Back in '96
When Patti Mayonnaise was a bad bitch and
Hip hop was still full of classics
Not a bunch of trees
Just a bunch of truth and the fruit be the leaves
Nigga let me see your roots
Homie stay grounded
Don't let them flies turn your hopes into hurt
Cause the highs just like holes in a skirt
Fam I never chase it
How you talk shit, you never taste it?
I see through the lies like I had Lasik
I'm never basic
Face it
You niggas faking
You need a face lift
I see the makeup, the whips, chains, and the bracelets
And that don't mean a damn thing to me
No that don't mean a damn thing to Free
You talking truth you better bring the trees
You talking truth you better bring the trees
You better get to know me
I move in silence like I'm with Shinobi
Need a shooter, better get a Kobe
You want to wrestle with these words then I'm Mick Foley
This Trees and Truths but I've been killing them since Killing Them Softly

I thought I told you
Free Nation Rebel Soldier
I got love for all of my niggas
Scream make money money take money money, what
Make money money take money money, what
I got love for all of my niggas
Scream make money money take money money, what
Make money money take money money, what
Free Nation in the place to be tonight [x4]
Now put your hands up [x4]
I got love for all of my niggas
Free Nation Rebel Soldier
Free Nation Rebel Soldier

// Maintain //

Would you fuck with me, if I gang bang
Niggas out here throwing hand signs
We just out here tryna' maintain
So fuck with me famo
Do it for the free so the passion is thicker
South side flow but the fashion is Wicker
Wake up let's hop on band wagons and fasten your seatbelt
Niggas gonna crash at the crib
This is the crime
We like barista
This is the mindset
WWF we like Batista, raw
Flex on a nigga if you ever got a problem
Stress to a nigga I can solve 'em
I don't know know trig
CPS don't know your kids
Don't step to me throwing hand signs like a referee time
They don't know gang
They just know gang, bang
We just know maintain
Over they head, call it they Kangol
This is the angle
I guess that's a hat trick
Shit can get messy you best bring your chapstick
Or else it's crackin'
Free nation action
Pivot been out here mackin'
Fuck what you Hewlett packin'
Off the block I'm Ewing Patrick
Niggas jump wave like cruise ship captains
Too distracted
I be like fuck you on it's Mick Jenkins ho
Cup of ginger ale and a peanut butter loafer
Motherfuckers betta' get a coasta'
Shoot 'em like a harpoon
Turn into a Harpo
Motherfuckers better get an Oprah
Free

[Saba:]
Don't talk to me about no diploma
Tell me why niggas on cornas'
Tell why tenants be tennis we serving the land
Tell where are the owners
Middle finger to the badge
Like these niggas can't hold us
These niggas can't hold us back these niggas can't hold us no
I was just sitting with Frsh
My uncle was just on that phone hook
Then me and Mick Jenkins yelled out free my nigga and to me
That's more than a song hook
Been a minute since a home cooked
Meal been digested but just in time
We jumped on judicial and justified it
It just goes to show the perfect timing
Would you fuck with me
If I gang banged
Niggas out here throwing hands signs
We just out here tryna maintain
So fuck with me famo
A hundred niggas in camo
Soldier field you know it's real
Hold the block
Home invasion
Honing skills got real
On some fat Albert shit
Come through the tv jump out the bitch
Come through the city jump out the bitch
Niggas at war on some Iraqi shit
Talkin bout work, they competent
Talking about cops, they on to it
Talkin about judge, they honor it
This what ya'll lil niggas be honorin
Pivot

// Lack //

Youngin' tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo
Youngin tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo

Youngin' tryna be timeless
Don't lack cause I'm coming from the back like the heimlich
Maneuver
Rap MacGruber, fresh
Be super duper, cause I use a luffa
Don't do no molly but niggas shroomin like Koopa Troopa.
And hittin' holly like I was hanging with Mr. Cooper
Just ginger ale for yo hoes I don't want they souls
Mobbin in this bitch
Like Dennis Rodman in this bitch it's so much going on in my head
He kinda like Robin in this bitch I flip you just might catch the bat that's acrobatic you gasp that's asthmatic what you can't breathe?
My nigga what you can't see?, You talkin' tough Toucan Sam, don't get to fuckin' with me
I clip yo wings
Now you fly as penguin
Banging
Dope slanging
A fuckin' slave I can still see the rope hanging.
Blame your environment or blame your companions, and I'm a sneak up this bitch like we in this bitch

Youngin' tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo
Youngin tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo

Burner in the back pack
Don't sleep on them knapsacks, bet you don't see black jack if you do my g
Blow fat sacks with the crew we be on backporch talking truth probbly
The reason most of mine done seen they 84th season
Only blues when niggas bleeding
Free Nation Rebel Soldier never tolerate the treason
Free masons bumping shoulders never contemplate allegiance
Free basing baking soda with the coke it couldn't get this dope it's all bout how you whip it
How he sip it with his pinky in the air this ain't no champagne
How you be swank when free the campaign
They shoot for stardom
I be the Anne Frank
So miss me with the static
He be high and writin' in verses just like writing books in attics.

Youngin' tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo
Youngin tryna be timeless
Don't lack!
Don't, don't, don't lack my nigga don't lack
Don't let me catch you lackin' famo

// The Leaves //

[Hook:]
Cause you never met another nigga quite like me
A southside nigga way too Free
A groovy nigga that's way too G

In the cut, twisting lemon kush and jasmine
Lemon [?] painted candles burn slow
Watch the verbs flow
I spit that fire they can feel it in the third row
He shoot deep, heroine, Larry Bird flow
They got your silver spoon heated
Treat it like it's a product
The doctors approved, need it, read it
Over here, it's ginger ale for your hoes
I don't want they souls
I move around if they want the gold
I can't fade it

[Hook]

It's the leaves mothafucka
It's the leaves mothafucka
Tell me did you get to see em fall, mothafucka
Tell me did you get to see em change, colors
It's the leaves mothafucka
Tell me did you get to see the truth fall
Did you niggas see it

[Hook]

Floral prints for the nature enthusiasts
Caramel apple spice with a Hennessy Nubian
We talk rap shit
She do not smoke but I'm rolling a fat spliff
We talk passions
See we just trying to recognize the distractions
Distract em, divide your whole team is just a fraction of what I might do
Spit it full of solder, they speaking that tight, too
And send this bitch up with these haikus
Fuck with my famo

[Hook]

// Klondike Shit //

You say you a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop-cop that?
You say you a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop that, girl?
You say you a bad bitch
I say you just average

What, you got a man out in Beverly Hills?
Man-man out in Beverly Hills?
Some dumb nigga pay your bills?
You do coke, you pop pills, got no skills
Except for your last dude
All of your girls stand in line for the bathroom
Screaming out "Cash rules"
Coming out faded
And I swear that she used to be darker, no Peter Parker
Could spin a web of lies like this
A measure of a woman is defined by thick
What would you do to be noticed?
Singing, what would you do on some Klondike shit?
And her pussy on point
She ain't never been afraid of needles
A simp ass nigga gone fuck, resistance is feeble
Fuck pilates, you purchased the perfect body
She look too good to do work in lobbies
You don't even work
You just come fuck with some clothes and a purse, it's the perfect hobby
All of your relationships worthless, probably
Thirst is probably got you parched
You got niggas out here thirsty with them ass shots in starch
Stiff as hell
Then a piff in hell
You fugitive. You infidel. You faded
And I swear that she used to be darker, no Peter Parker
Could spin a web of lies like this
The measure is a woman who's defined by thick
What would you do to be noticed
Screaming what would you do on some Klondike shit?

You a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop-cop that?
You say you a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop that, girl?
You say you a bad bitch
I say you just average

World star hip hop
Do this shit [?]
Even though you put my motherfucking video out there
Showing my cooty-cat
Who does that?
Y'all ain't even pay me for that
But you know what, I'm a' let you have that cause I'm a real bitch
And I'll let you keep that little bit of money, it's okay
You know, you put my business out in the streets
World star hip hop
But guess what?
Y'all can kiss my ass
Cause I'm still the baddest bitch
Cooty-cat or not
And I have a pretty pooty-cat
For y'all motherfucking haters
Get with the program
The baddest bitch alive
The Puerto Rican princess
Shout out to the real niggas!
My booty is fat, my titties are fat, my stomach is flat
And I'm the baddest bitch
And bitches don't hate
Get with the motherfucking program
Get like me
Don't be mad at me cause I do what I do

You say you a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop-cop that?
You say you a bad bitch
You got ass, you got ass
You got ass and tits
Where you buy that, girl?
Where you cop that?
Where you cop that, girl?
You say you a bad bitch
I say you just average

// Noah & The Reign //

[Jean Deaux:]
They say there's gon' be a downpour
They say the water's gon' wash away my people
(You tell them, you tell them I'm coming, tell them then...)

[Mick Jenkins:]
You probably gon' need a boat
I'm thinking kindred to Titanic, like why panic
It all depend on who whipping that bitch
[?] to slave masters, punish a slave faster
It all depend on who whipping that bitch
She stripping, it all depend on who tipping that bitch
I bet it's no king of diamonds
She showed those niggas love, diamond in rough
That's a ten of clubs, they told her it was gon' rain
They told her "do those drugs" then she'll feel no pain
Nigga check the correlation, ideas realized by corporations
In communities where people are too poor for patience
Ooh, I know you hear that truth that I spit like a relaxed tooth
Cold turkied all the politics, I'm relaxed proof
Cold shouldered all the ops they probably cashews
If you can't see the tree, in truth, you probably think cash rules
I got no time for your living, writing pennies for the thought
Drop a dime for your living, look around nigga, we can see the signs are the limit
Section 8 'bout as low as the pigeons, we did it, too fly
My nigga too fly, our people dying I ain't kidding like a [?]

[Jean Deaux:]
They say there's gon' be a downpour
(They say there's gon' be a downpour)
They say the water's gon' wash away my people
(They say the water gon' wash us away, no)
Everybody gon' need a boat
(Everybody gon' need a boat)
They say there's gon' be a downpour
(They say there's gon' be a downpour)

[Jean Deaux:]
I thought that it was simple, we treading water from my house
My body is a temple, he bows and prays that he makes it back to the shore
I feel my head flooding with thoughts, temples sore as shit
Tryna figure out how you got me open, preposterous oceans
Catch you floating on your merry boat there
My thighs is hurting, my soul is yearning, my feelings current
The tides can be a current, we were burning
Tell us 'God is gon' save us" now where was this nigga when rain didn't let up
The whole thing is set up soon as we get away my brothers always gettin' wet up
You tell me that you love me, but I can't remember times he was chill when shit was ugly
It's you that's gone that fuckin' hurting me, who the fuck you think you is, the black Hercules?
And you supposed to the save the world, ain't it the perfect dreams?
We walked the perfect seas, desert the Earth and save the dragon
He gave you super powers, ain't that how it fuckin' happens?
I lose a love you, lose a life, now ain't that fuckin' tragic?
And I'm just supposed to praise the Lord and live in all the madness?
(Live in all the madness)

[Jean Deaux:]
They say there's gon' be a downpour
(They say there's gon' be a downpour)
They say the water's gon' wash away my people
(They say the water gon' wash us away, no)
Everybody gon' need a boat
(Everybody gon' need a boat)
They say there's gon' be a downpour
(They say there's gon' be a downpour)

[Mick Jenkins:]
Row out, row out, row out, row out
Row to up in a boat
Oh that boat we were drowning and it's true
Who left us drowning and it's true
Row out, row out, row out, row out
Row to up in a boat
Row to up in a boat

// Fuck Wit Me Famo //

South side stepping
Bitch I'm repping where I lay my head, break my bread
Breeding love where hatred fled
Fuck with me famo

63rd and Rose
We blew a joint like moo and oink them pigs
We all on your plate;
Tryna get a piece of your lettuce
You know they got a dread-head fetish
Watch me dip like axle slips on potholes
Peanut butters, I pop those
Step up the convo
Rolling up basil leaves and cilantro
Checking out condos
Lofty thoughts get awfully awkward
Reaching them living with low ends
Started with no ends
Keeping your conscience open
Keeping your content potent
Potpourri if your nostrils open
Come get a whiff of this coffee
Catch the salt if you wanna get saucy
You see the swank in the swing for the cream
You see the south side in all of it's glory
You see the faith and the love for the dream
Free be the team
Wolf's demon head with a full head of steam

South side stepping
Bitch I'm repping where I lay my head, break my bread
Breeding love where hatred fled
Fuck with me famo

[SolarFive:]
Don't get it twisted
I twist it like digits throwing sets
So I paint a picture so vivid to get you wet up
Now wet up the scene with berettas and beams/
If I sketch up a sceme to get your neck cut in breeze
I will tech up the beams
Send your set up indeed
But my set up was clean so shut the fuck up and breath
Feelings ain't feeling. We villians
They drilling. I'm hitting with venom
And splitting a piff and I'm getting so lifted
Enliven with vigilant these symptoms of sickness still live in existence
And all my niggas in prison
From the sixth tre to the low end
Where I hit haze, where they non nigga
Where they hit graves
The plot thickens
No caskets so the plot thickens
It's mind different. Devine nigga
Divide and try niggas
And rise it's mine niggas
We ride and die with them

South side stepping
Bitch I'm repping where I lay my head, break my bread
Breeding love where hatred fled
Fuck with me famo

// Lord, Listen. //

Life ain't nothing but a cat-mouse, nigga
Mice get trapped in the trap house, nigga
Lives get sacrificed in the streets
White lights when you blackout, nigga
For my niggas dig and move, better watch that back, fam
Around here you're just another black man
Niggas talk shit but I'm over their verbs like accents and apostrophes
No apologies. Quite advance maybe prodigy
Black rap mans dichotomy
Some like the folks and the moes
Niggas better duck when it's birds in the street
Cause you never too fly to get caught by the crows
Better call your God if you doubt my G
Better call Allah if you fuck with the pigs in the house, my G, OnGaud

Lord, Lord, Lord we never listen, do we?
Lord, Lord, Lord, we never
Lord-love to hear the lie. Hate to hear the truth
We love to hear the lies, we hate to hear the truths
Just ginger ale for your hoes, I don't want they souls
Just ginger ale for your hoes, I don't want they souls

Sip it like Champaign. Free be the campaign
Pinkies in the air for the swank
Peanut butter loafers, like fuck did you think?
Don't you see the pennies, I don't need your two cents
It ain't never really been about a dollar
Nice repentance. [?]
Pop up my collar
Back when Slim was rolling impala. Running from the ops
Parked car cuffed on the curb for the cops
Swerve on the clock
Bet your nose calm fore you swerve on the block

Like, fuck them niggas they don't know our struggle
Like, fuck them niggas they don't know our struggle
Like, fuck them niggas, famo

Lord, Lord, Lord we never listen, do we?
Lord, Lord, Lord, we never
Lord-love to hear the lie. Hate to hear the truth
We love to hear the lies, hate to hear the truths

Just ginger ale for your hoes, I don't want they souls
Just ginger ale for your hoes, I don't want they souls
Thank God they prayed for a nigga
Thank God Rhonda prayed for a nigga
Lord, Lord, Lord, we never listen, do we?

// The Roots //

Uhhhh, uh uh uh uh
Uhhhh
I just, wanna, see you find a way
I just, wanna, see you

Hey where you going with all that gold, nigga?
Where you going with all that soul, nigga?
If you can see the trees you can see the truth
But still the light can't see the roots
Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots [x2]

Doctor said his teeth were looking off white
He told him slow down on the cigs
Didn't know that he was off pipe
Shit was getting hazy
He was looking through the fog lights
[?] was in season
Never touch the all spice
He boxed like all spark
He Tony Stark
Grab the iron
Tell any nigga weapons drawn
He was Megatron that he didn't need the Teflon
Moments later chest was gone, fool
But check, it wasn't even the path that got him popped
Just pussy popping the lips with a bad taste in his mouth
Now you agitating the Ops
You in the midst of the scene
And you face first with the fucks
And we chain check your regime
What that? The free
I thought you knew that
Nigga never seen a winter this could
Ask John Cusack
That ice harvest [?] put the shingles in your shoulder
Dash of ginger, put the tingle in your folders
Hope you niggas awake

Hey where you going with all that gold, nigga?
Where you going with all that soul, nigga?
If you can see the trees you can see the truth
But still the light can't see the roots
Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots [x2]

Told too many stories that I wish were re-wrote
Moved away, but no Al Pacino
I got a different kilo
Check the metrics on my shoulders
Burden big as boulders
Heavy over beats
See it was cursed for whatever started
Like the Hornets when they left Charolette

Nigga flows like oceans that's uncharted
With sponge water
Spit good pussy you come harder
Drop lines like drunk barbers
They Bob Barker your soul
If you want the truth hit the roots
Bring the Carhartt for the cold
Don't know sunshine down there
Put your hands in the air one time
Twerk for the fun times
Cause the revolution would not be printing the Sun Times round here
They tell him that it's better when you do it for the Ceelo [?]
But you can't get the deets [?] without the fucking C notes
We do this shit for the freak and everything it denotes
Make sure your roots don't need no remote [?]
Hope your niggas awake...

Make sure your roots don't need no remote [?]
Hope your niggas awake...

Hey where you going with all that gold, nigga?
Where you going with all that soul, nigga?
If you can see the trees you can see the truth
But still the light can't see the roots
Roots, Roots, Roots, Roots [x2]

// Negro League //

This shit sound like days of our lives
Freenation out here paying our tithes, save mula give em' ten percent
That's too fuckin much. That's like window tint
Shouts to Such n Such. {Unh}

Sauk Trail
Cheifin on the back porch, grillin each other
Conversation was penicillin, niggas healin each, other that's how the fam do
Free Nation Rebel Soldier
Drop boulders
Never pebbles that's what I can't do
Stance like a black panther the standards are Huey Newton or Bobby Seale, or Cam Newton, or Issac Newton
You'll prolly feel
The apple off yo forehead
Don't chalk it up to gravity
I'm droppin knowledge actually
I'm droppin college actually
I left without my credits give me credit nigga
My credentials with this pencil put you on yo toes, put my soul on instrumentals
A foot fettish nigga
Fuck with me famo!
If you don't you couldn't hide in 50 camos
I'm with a chick you couldn't hump with 50 camel backs
Booty like a camelback
Sick as 50 camel packs of cigarettes
Don't give me lip unless it's camel toe
Nights like we in camelot
You could call him lancelot how I swing excalibur at ignorance
Knights of the round table
Nice with profound fables
Nights of this thrift shit we found label they covet
Love it. live it. Pivot!
Turn around on dime if it's a buck on her mind I could give a fuck if she fine
Give me nickles and quarters
We ain't building foundations fickle I'm spittin that mortar
Snappin' ladders like peanut brittle the distance is shorter
It's like ripples on water you could catch the wave like Lake Michigan hittin' Winsconson
Winters cold but it's warm when Jacksons right next yo Johnson
They see that and they bring the action all over your Bronson Bratwurst
I be like negro please no matter how you see it rap just like the negro leagues
I'm talking tress and speaking truths

And they ain't got a muthafuckin' clue when the world blow if the ground start to shake you can bet I'm out the door when a blunt and prayer for the fan fuck a ho.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know

And they ain't got a Muthafuckin' clue when the world gone end so starting from the bottom I'm a stack my ends swear to God that I'll never lose my soul for no Benz negro please we gone play this negro league till we bleed till the fleas eat my muthafuckin' knees I'll be running with my dogs

And they ain't got a muthafuckin' clue when the world blow if the ground start to shake you can bet I'm out the door when a blunt and prayer for the fan fuck a ho.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know

// Peg Cuffs & Pocket Tees //

Peg cuff the denim so the socks showing
Nigga 'bout to
Flood 'em with the flow
I rock those
Loafers as smooth as
Butter with the toast
Let me paint the scene
Organic papers we don't taint the green
Fleeting conversations couple niggas getting quaint with queens
Couple sinners with a saints regime
Do this while their collective is clueless
More concerned with the beef
And the salad that make you Caesar
We on the lookout for Brutus
The FREE is always awake
A trait related to Buddhas
Couldn't pimp us for no silver
I ain't related to Judas
Never kiss and tell
Throwing pennies in the wishing well
Screaming "Free my niggas!"
Hope it get you well quicker
Hope it do like granny saltines and ginger ale nigga
Ooh
They be like "Who?"
I be like "Nigga, I thought you knew!"
And just like that my nigga
Just like your neck
I'll be like "Nigga, I'm at your crew!"
Fuck is you gon' do
I'm too cold
And damn near Manute Bol
When I maneuver through the blocks
I'm talking writers block and 63rd

Southside repper
Granny was a stepper
I've been used to moving through it with no effort
Tell my peoples we riding
And we rolling
And we vibing
Niggas got Sachs like Goldman
On that BS like Rodman
All my peoples is rolling
And they screaming out
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!

Tucked the pocket tee
That's just to show some class
Lamb leather belts
Keep the Selvedge denim off my ass
Momma taught me well
Cause we been taught to fail
But we been on the grind
Get a whiff of that coffee smell
Ain't seen the phoenix sun, we barkley still
Get with it in the paint
Thoughts get smokey but it's vivid with the dank
Put you pinkies in the air for that swank shit
Put them motherfuckers high
Tell your haters they ain't shit
Like no school
Gotta have some logic before you start with the pro tools
We no fools
Since Biggie wrote them 10 coke rules
My spirit been Goku'd
And lyrics just super sayings
Hope you play 'em
Recite 'em and tell your peoples
We put the pressure on pussies
That's out here flexing they Kegel
We Buick through all the bullshit
No disrespecting my Regal
I don't care about your taste
Fuck around and catch a cup of ginger ale in your face
Then I walk away clean
You locked in boxes and I free you
My team
Check the regime

I'm a Southside repper
Granny was a stepper
I've been used to moving through it with no effort
Tell my peoples we riding
And we rolling
And we vibing
Niggas got Sachs like Goldman
On that BS like Rodman
All my peoples is rolling
And they screaming out
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!
Fuck with me famo!

