Album: TheSilentCircus

// Lost Perfection A) Coulrophobia //

These hours seem like years
I've been staring at this wall, wondering when it's going to take all of our lives
I'm just glad we have jokes
I think way too much back here
My eyes are slowly closing; boredom is causing this loss of interest
When will I awake? Asleep
This party of four includes three grown adults and myself
The first adult is very shy and wise enough to keep the second one away from conversation
(They're on a mission)
Gender is not recognized
The third adult is a male and talks too much
The stench of shit is in the air
The room storms with laughter... four turn to a hundred and the noise is unbearable
"It's time, you are in hell, this place will kill itself soon!"
I cry, and the hands surround me
Born into a hell
I never wanted to wake to this
I have experienced nothing, yet I feel I'm the only one who has not done harm
If only I could understand how to change things
I can't fucking think. The noise is unbearable
The noise stops

// Lost Perfection B) Anablephobia //

Clowns now appear

They are all carrying knives and cups of gasoline
"Tonight is our death." The clowns then begin to slash each other
The skies open up, the flames pour in
The world watched in awe

Mesmerized
The population soon follows the clown's lead
Death is in the air
The three adults once again start talking
They ask questions of faith and love
"We shall live past these days, rid of all we've done."
I see what they mean now... but the retched smell has overcome
I am gone
The baby born with the end of the world... awake
The five of us haven't spoken in hours
Sitting alone to our own thoughts
Only we will know what strange things boredom has created

// Camilla Rhodes //

This moment is set
Let's make magic
You're the #1 girl; it's time to stay at the top
This is the song of the year
We just recorded your orgasm
The music isn't shit anymore; your sexual vibe carries across the land
Daydream sex, broken marriage fuck
You cause this shit
Everyone has been waiting for this moment; for this song
This song of the year: "sexy, smooth, yet sophisticated."
The music isn't shit
It's all about IMAGE, IMAGE, IMAGE
Fuck your song, you're looking good
We just recorded your orgasm, and the money is rolling in
Alone, afraid, smile glued bright
Feeling so dirty, sexed up by human eyes
An "artist" washed over, pulled under
The moment is set, let's make magic
You're the #2 girl; it's time to kill for the top
Let's show this song of the year
We videotaped your orgasm
The music was never shit, we lied, we lied, as you lay
Drained, tired and robbed of your self-expression
You're a toy, a toy for lust and greed
Insecure depression, the mirrors are laughing at us
Trying to be sexy queen, trying to be darling
You've pounded in her little head like daddy wants to pound you
Daydream sex, broken marriage fuck
You cause this shit
Makeup, bras and lingerie no need for this algebra
Family dinners silent, speaking only to ourselves
This orgasm on the screen has molded our American dream

// Mordecai //

[Day one]
Asleep mid-sentence- the words fell apart
No one is listening anyway
This day will soon turn black and my "wants and needs" will spill on my burning ashes
I learned to be selfish today
I learned to be alive
These things I care for are for my personal gain and my personal happiness only
Why should I sit in your chairs and satisfy your standards
I've done it all before and I've confused myself a thousand times
The tragic day that I call morality just doesn't do it for me anymore
No more choices, just standing in the cold
The day will turn black and I will have either lived or died
Asleep mid-sentence- my words fall to the ground
Swept into this dreamland
Economic satisfaction, never succeed
But happiness has its place
Justice will not lie in your corner
New day towards death, only compassion for my own needs make my need necessary

[Day two]
Throw myself in the corner; I have nothing to complain about here
A tragic day seems too peaceful to most, spoiled ambitions turned my heart to black
I'm figuring out this realization process- the process to never look upon bitter ground
Living dreams, loving dreams, awakening to what I've always dreamt of
The familiar sound of the lovely love from the love of my life will keep the notes coming
From the reciting of the show
From the plip and the shevanel
From the grind that annoys, and the sarcasm, they all hate
Forever I worship
I'll kill, love, and hate for all of you

Thank you for the best part of my life

// Reaction //

Sleep insane
Dream (on) the inside, dream (on) my own.
Once escaped... star filled road.

// (Shevanel Take 2) //

My head will not rest on this pillow
As it's gripped in my arms tonight
Like reality, too tight
If a dream could last forever
I would hold you here
Time need not freeze, I need not fear
This world inside
Is a world I have longed to find

And I will not be afraid to love
I will not be afraid to lose
What I once deprived myself of

My tear drops have salt-stained this pillow
As its loosened from my weakened clutch
Like the sun's light: too much
But there's a hope today
That I'll find a way
To make this dream a life and real to me

Sometimes I'll run and sometimes I'll crawl
Sometimes I'll fly and sometimes I'll fall
But this dream of mine will not change at all

// Ad A Dglgmut //

(You can't follow me)
I thought it was strange when all this shot into my mind driving
It's weird how this enclosed space makes me think so clearly... so free!
I wish all hours were so relaxing
Thinking of the next noise... making up the next noise
Scream loud, loud, loud, loud
Static intoxication, sing this lovely violin song
Beat this bottle on a wall
Scream, scream, scream
The baby cries
Record the noise
It all makes sense... we're capable of beauty
Through sounds which make one cringe
The dogs only hear us now
For the first time tears came to my eyes while I was listening
Noise brings so many things... make my tingling skin freeze

Turn me on, make me laugh, shoot the can, shut the door, pour your glass
Rape scene scream, car crash bash, black cat splat

A silent death, a silent scream
You can't follow me, you sing along to nothing

// Destructo Spin //

King Kong illusion... destruction!
Crumble this place of existence
Let's bow down to the king of the masculine, the macho redneck lord
Killing innocent for the revenge of the innocent
Turning this country into shit
Just another rich white game
Bomb the world
Ice for these cramped hands
This controller is designed poorly and the blood keeps staining my suit
The plasma screen shows me stutter but technology will prove everyone wrong
Ego trip headfuck
I've been hired for destruction
The King Kong of the century has been molded by me
Leading them blindly into brainwashed blood lands
My world expands with your destruction
I have to prove my strength
Peer pressure of a nation, selfish action spreads
Kidding myself
Do I really care or worry about any of this?
My conscious controls me, but deep down I don't think any of this makes me lose sleep
Once again I prove my confusion
Mordecai flies once again

Will he ever truly stay gone?

// Aesthetic //

Decrease the light, increase the smiles... a familiar beat is swarming the air
Soothing movements that help the evening come to a halt
Lifetime achievement
The looks on their faces make it worthwhile
The swaying
Of the ocean, to the swaying of your hips
Shivering as your lover's caress touches your lips
Perfect world and perfect lives, we have the soundtrack for their futures
The seawater smell in the cold outside world seems to be enchanting the room
The chatter of riches keeping the beat, as the sea seems to freeze
The brisk air seems to make our hearts colder
The dimming lights makes the smiling faces sparser
The dancing smiles seem to have halted with a silent scream

We must play on
The perfect life torn apart in a matter of seconds
We must play on
I hear their screams and cries
I know now that I'm the only one who possesses true happiness

Keep the beat, we tap our feet
Screams add a new feel to what we've perfected so dear
We'll play to our deaths for we possess true happiness
We are finally free

Dying with our one passion, music: the greatest wealth of them all
We must play on

// The Need For Repetition //

Whip that child, stretch that child... drag them through your dreams of lust
Raise the skirt... stroke the thigh... leech!!

This blood will never clot
It pours down the chin of every child, every life touched by your sick instinct

Fucking whore, fucking whore of disgust

Your life paid by the sweat of your disgusting sex
Their innocence tears every inch of life that went into those toys and beautiful minds
Castrate the fuck
Beat the fucker to death

// The Man Land //

I'm a man!!
You're a man!!
We're a man!!
It's a man land!!

I got my pickup truck, and my toolbox out (goddamn yeah!)
I ain't no goddamn woman, I'll spit in you're motherfucking land!

Yeah!!!
What are ya Jason?
A man
He's a goddamn man, not a goddamn woman!!!!
Yeah
Yeah
Fuck Yeah!!!!

Yeah
Yes
I ain't no little dag gone boy

