// Intro //

Compton was the American dream. Sunny California with a palm tree in the front yard, the camper, the boat. Temptingly close to the Los Angeles ghetto in the 50's and 60's, it became "The Black American Dream". Open housing paved the way as middle-class blacks flooded into the city. Whites don't buy houses in Compton anymore. Now with 74% of the population, black power is the fact of life. From banks to bowling alleys. But the dream that many blacks thought they were buying has turned sour. Though the mayor and four out of five city councilmen are black, they have been unable to solve the problems of crime and growing welfare which is slowing turning suburban Compton into an extension of the black inner city. Crime is now as high as the ghetto. 47 homicides last year gave Compton one of the highest per capital rates in the country. Juvenile gang activity, muggings, small robberies make some blacks want to leave.

// Talk About It //

I don't give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit, y'all counterfeit
Y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, I'm all about Fort Knox, nigga
Riding through your neighborhood
Throwing money out the window like "What!?"
You about the dollar (You know nothing 'bout it)
Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no, no, no, I ain't even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hold up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these motherfuckers we don't even wanna talk about it—what?

I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

I just bought California
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the Internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
M.V.P. shit—this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, yeah, this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough, I want it all
Goddammit, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner, too
If you wanna beef, make sure that that's something you wanna do
There's some missing people that felt that way too

I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here, you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem, I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fucking with me
I murder rappers everyday, 'til police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve-to-have-breast niggas
Crying 'bout my old girl, funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed, Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chaining
If this was you, your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless, I'm just off the record, but I mean it
Kept my blessings, we was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything—is one day, I'mma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

Listen, I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch, I'mma show 'em how to get involved
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Talk about it, hold up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these motherfuckers, we don't even wanna talk about it, what?

// Genocide //

Stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder, ha
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)

Murder them down, kill 'em dead (Yo!)
Bullet to the dome, to the head
Murder them down, kill a yout'
Don fe pull up on the man and
(Turn me up!) What it look like?
See, murder them down, kill 'em dead (Yo!)
Bullets come down from the air
Murder them down, kill a youth
Don fe pull up on the man and
(Turn me up!) What it look?

There's the stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
It's murder, it's murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)
It's been a 187 in this bitch!

Murder this, murder listen, hear that suburban whipping?
Tinted windows, right at your wifey (Brrrat!)
And I bet you miss her
Reload the pro tools and we throw the clip in both trays
That's one on the left and one in the right hand
Scottie Pippen, both ways
Been doing drive-bys
Got this music industry time line looking like Rosecrans
When these niggas throw up them signs high
I'm talking about that bottom where it's high crimes
Shit, I'm just tryna get paid and keep them thighs high (Thighs high)
Sometimes I feel like I could just bury 'em, bury 'em
Cause delirium, mass hysteria, no scarier area
I'm very aware hip-hop needed something to carry it
So I married that bitch and swung down in that chariot
And you way too fucking close, beware the barrier
This is Hub City, nigga, don't make us embarrass you
Man, you should be realistic, these niggas 'round here ballistic
We did the numbers, and you looking like another statistic

There's the stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
It's murder, it's murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder, it's murder
Murder, murder (Murder)

(Ah, shit!) Recognize what live inside these eyes
I'ma ride until the dead has risen
Live in a project building, dodging the module ceilings
I ride, I'ma ride in a stolen Jeep
Ride with the eyes of five blind men, my vision (Corrupted)
Mama tried counseling, five plans for Kendrick (But fuck it)
My family ties had sabotaged Rosecrans existence (Abducted)
My aliens on surveillance, they paid me a visit (Disgusting)
Our stadium's packed, Raiders in black
Curls dripping, silver bullet, palladium in my strap
I lie on the side of a one-way street (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
Nowhere to go, death all I can see (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
I say "Fuck is up?" I fuck 'em up
Your supper's up, and something's up
I hope he no can walk the tightest rope before the double-dutch
Broke plenty records with this weapon, I protect it under oath
My discretion, fuck your blessing, fuck your life, fuck your hope
Fuck your mama. Fuck your daddy, fuck your dead homie
Fucked the world up when we came up, that's Compton, homie!

Murder, murder
Murder... murder
It's all murder... murder
Ah!

Murder, murder
Murder, murder
It's been a 187 in this bitch!

// It's All On Me //

Family problems, it ain't easy handling those needs
(Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do)
Baby mama drama, I just need a little time to go to sleep
(Damn, only if I had a little time for me)
Record company motherfuckers asking me when I'm gonna release
(I'm under pressure homie, so much pressure on me)
And my homies on my back
About me helping them get up off them streets
(I mean what the fuck?)

And it all falls back on me
(I said it all falls down)
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
(No matter where we are it's on me)
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be
(Listen to me)

It's kind of funny how they fall back on me
I used to never get a call back, homie
Before the money they didn't see me
Like it's dark and it's all black, homie
But now they're switching cause the card black, homie
It wasn't always that way, we was recording on the 4-track, homie
New apartment, no fridge, no mattress, no table, no cable
And all I hear is my girl in my ear
And this nigga Eazy asking for his car back, homie
I would've never saw this happening from that far back, homie
What it came to be, would have never believed
Living the life I lived in C-P-T
A motherfucking dream to reality is what you call that, homie
Yeah, it was something to me
No eat, no sleep, wasn't nothing to me
Can't always be how you want it to be
And I'm the one that they're looking up to
Fuck they're expecting from me?

And it all falls back on me
(I said it all falls down)
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
(No matter where we are it's on me)
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be
(Listen to me)

That's just the way it is, and how it always was
DJing parties in my neighborhood just for the love
Dope dealers over-tipping and bitches stripping
And any minute niggas'll start tripping and start shooting shit
On any given day I'm like "what the fuck?"
Face down on the pavement with the billy clubs
Took that feeling to the studio and cued it up
And now it's "Fuck the Police" all up in the club
Now it's '91 and Snoop Dogg came to visit and was like
"What up cuz? Let me show you what this chronic like"
Couldn't help myself, just had to dip into that chronic life
And then that night came in when that nigga Knight came in
(Woo!) This one of those dreams you don't wake up from
Then again, you don't sleep if you come from where I come from
Where the sun shines and they bust nines, no 9 plus 1-1
When they run up on your school bus with a tool tucked
You might learn something

And it all falls back on me
Somehow, it all falls back on me
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

// All In A Day's Work //

Fear. Fear's a powerful thing. I mean, it's got a lot of firepower. If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that's very powerful. I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy, just to do as well as the next guy. And to do better than the next guy, I had to just kill. And you know, to a certain extent, that's still with me in how I work, you know. I just... go in

Sitting 'bout a hundred stories up, like what the fuck?
And I'm just looking at it all
I'll be right here in Los Angeles, looking like a villain laying low
Nothing I can do but pack it all up
Going up, but shit, I feel the love
Spotlight on me and I'm feeling so rare tonight
Acting a fool and feeling alive
I'm fucking flawless like I live in a vault

Only type of living I know
(Only type of living I, only type of living I)
Yeah, see, if it was you, you would've killed yourself by now
(Only type of living I, only type of living I know)
It takes a special kind of motherfucker to live like this
(Only type of living I)
And they ask me how I do it
(Only type of living I know)
Motherfucker, just take a look around

Best believe I'm in the building
Ha, I hear you motherfuckers talking and all that, but uh
No, no, don't mention me at all
Yeah, coming live and direct
And I know you feeling some type of way about it, but uh
Watch your mouth, I dare your ass to say something
I thought it was all good (Hey)
But now you motherfuckers crossed the line and
Kinda pissing me off
All the fans and all the fame
And though I gave everything to this game, they still complain
Now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do?
There's so much fucking pressure
There's so much pressure
And it's all in a day's work

Work, hard
Working so hard
24/7, 3-6-5
365, hard work
It's all in a day's work

My whole life, all I ever thought about is grinding
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylist
And that was back when I felt like
Rappers was true motherfucking riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fucking youngster, man
Shit I was still saying, "Fuck the police"
(Man, fuck the police)
Born and raised in the belly of the beast
(Motherfucking Hub City)
I had a dream that we was at peace
But I was so wrong, so wrong
Y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV is talking 'bout pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck
When they running their life story by us
It's the worst when I'm in a hotel, like a Hilton, sick and tired
And some of these housewives way too fucking desperate
These bitches thinking fame first
I can't knock the hustle, shit, it's (All in a day's work)
But that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit, it's just something about that Hollywood curse
They just thirsty

Hard times
I double my grind, fuck the part-time
Stay ready for war, I'm on the front line
I'm getting the feeling like it's all mine
It's becoming the only feeling I know
(Only type of living I) Only type of living I know
(Only type of living I) Only type of living I know
(Only type of living I) Only type of living I know
(Only type of living I know)

Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Let's get back to work
On the grind, back to work
Let's work

Rich as fuck, but, guess what?
I'm back to work (Yeah, I'm back to work)
Overseas, back home, no time to sleep
I'm back to work (Huh, I'm back to work)
So many people that I love, they want my time
But I got to work (I'm sorry, I'm back to work)
Some of my friends don't understand, shit
I got to work (Huh, I'm back to work)
Always talking 'bout busting the club
But I'm like, "Fuck that, I gotta work" (Fuck that, I'm working)
If you really wanna do it like this, shit
You better get back to work (I'm working, huh)
Back to work, right back to work (Right back to work)
Gotta get back to work (Right back to work)
Shit, right back to work (Right back to work, huh)

// Darkside / Gone //

[Part 1: Darkside]

Where you at? Where you from?
What you doing over here, motherfucker?
What you think? What you bang?
This ain't no motherfucking game

Now I ain't never been no gangster
But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killers, cold killers (My nanny used to tell me)
My nigga used to roll with us, roll with us (Every night)
Married to the more money, more women
Now I ain't ever been the one that'll pull a gun on you
But I know who got 'em
No, I never sold no drugs, homie
But I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me
But I know who got 'em
Mm, hey-hey
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you, well, it's just another Friday night
Got a nigga feeling kinda nice
With the Bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)

Now please don't give me a reason, reason
'Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That I'm the motherfucking one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league of my own
You ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorized for this song
Might be best for you to get going
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong and it's on
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone (Uh-oh)
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
Thirty years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing something right
Word to my nigga Eazy

Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)

[Part 2: Gone]

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But it's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars L.A. has ever seen
People been telling me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though, I've been this way since seventeen
Tryna get finances popping, man, I thought that was the object
'Til some of my niggas lost their life and then there goes the team
My only dream was holding it down, like, fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice, I took this industry by storm, young and black
Killing them softly
Don't ever call me fortunate, you don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about their circumstances lost me, homie
We ain't even talking, fuck that energy, fuck up off me, ugh!

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But it's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

You look at my lifestyle
I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fucking with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit that you only can get
On an oversea flight now
You scared of my heights now
But still, I got enemies giving me energy
I wanna fight now
Subliminal, sending me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really, no clue, you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then, you hang yourself
'Cause I got the green and gold (With a million sold)
Plus plenty more, (and my dollar thicker)
But with or without the diamonds, though
(To you) I'm just another (Nigga!)

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But it's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

You'll find out when I'm gone

// Loose Cannons //

All my life, I've been down to ride
So I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and what between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfucking real life

You know where the fuck I'm from
From that motherfucking legendary
From the city where them niggas load clips in fast
And get stabbed at homeroom should've skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gang-banging out the window hollering let's ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas don't know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life
You never die, you never die
I'm in that motherfucking one for a minute now
All y'all little niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, I'm the one that's killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle

Cold 187um
Know it's been a minute since you heard from us
Still we're untouchable murderers
R.I.P to KMG, I still got a murder rap
And don't give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talking I walk in the building
I just give a fuck where the money at
I'm Jordan and Jackson, the coach and the player
They trust me it's only just one of them
I'm calling them shots and making the plays
If you get a trade, better fuck with him
I keep it gangster, y'all testing my patience
Got me feeling so anxious, I be looking so facetious
Feel like running a caper

Wait, hold up I got next! What up, X?

Spent my birthday in Dubai
Sky-rise surprise and I'm dressed like a spy
Black tux, on you fucks
And guess what? I'm ready to (blow, yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissing off the neighbors, scraping, bumping in the driveway
Cube gave me the pistol
Told me to kill at will and (blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldn't give a fuck) Literally
Cashed out just living to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of 'em? Send them to me
While I'm just over here cozy holding these double D's
She book smart with pornographic abilities
Well I, don't know what you know, but I know
I got that shit!
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck 'em!
That's why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitch niggas from running their mouth
It's bout time somebody said something

One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
I'm ready to die, I can't control this fucking anger
Ah shit, somebody better fucking stop me
Cause I'm a loose cannon that can't stand myself
I'm bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else
(Fuck 'em!)
I swear to God, I'mma do it, back the fuck up, I'mma do it
I swear to God, I'mma lose it

Baby, baby! What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down! Really? Are you doing this shit to me again?
Oh my God
You is so fucked up for this
Fuck it
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Okay, I'm sorry! What the fuck? Don't point the fucking gun at me! Okay, put the fucking gun down! No, no, no, no!!
Alright, I got the legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits, man
Shut the fuck up, I got it
What the, what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit, matter of fact you know what? You gon' dig the fucking hole this time
I don't give a fuck, like it's the first fucking hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know, ask fucking Charles Manson right here
Oh, oh, you're tryna be funny? You're really fucking tryna be funny right now?
Shh, shh, shut your ass up
This is bad. This is, this is fucking bad man. Fuck it, let's start digging

// Issues //

From close range we official
Cocaine, money and pistols
Goddammit I got issues
Can't be serious
(Alright now here we go)
Where my city at?
Fuck with me, come on
I know you're feeling that
Fuck with me, come on
You know I'm really that
Fuck with me, come on
Come on, come on
Don't even act like I ain't 'bout my business
Motherfucker come on!
Come on, come on
Full clip, ammunition
You don't wanna deal with these fucking consequences

Fuck boys should tighten up a whole lot
I got some niggas with me down for running up in your spot
And these niggas got hatchets and ratchets
Some of them lethals up under the mattress
And matter of fact this is a chance to show my lifestyle out to the masses
But chances are I might get another negative reaction
Think I'm a fraction, but I fucks 'em up like battery acid
I gives a fuck what you think, nigga? This is my passion
Survive through the time, you know my name, you know my reputation
You know what it is, I don't need to give no explanation
When you say my fucking name, add exclamation
Los Angeles king now, make your bitch bring crowns
To me and Dre, you don't like it, you can lay
Think I'm quiet cause I'm acting, but my bank account gon' say "Fuck you!"
Respected from SoCal out to the Bay
Cashed a lot of checks this morning, guess today was a good day

Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good morning
And the sleepers will join the fallen

But this is what the fuck is up, doing this for my city
Comp-town, Hub, this my fucking committee
Shout out to Dub C, real nigga be with me
C-Walking on these niggas with a crease in them Dickies
You know how many nights I heard them sparks echo in the park?
Around this time I was spinning records at Eve After Dark
My city crazy, school girls used to play with that chalk
Same chalk police used to outline niggas we lost
You understand what I'm saying? Shit is crazy, man
Fuck the money, yo this shit could never change me, man
These new niggas in this bitch could never phase me, man
I know it's strange but on some real shit it's plain as day
I'm just having some fucking fun with this rap shit
Nigga with an attitude, still getting active
Man this industry to me, it feels a little plastic
I ain't heard nothing that I can consider classic, ugh
But this is for my niggas who been running with me
And everybody in this bitch that's out there gunning for me
And I got love for my people that stay one hundred with me
I'ma keep it A1, been that way since day one

Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good morning
And the sleepers'll join the fallen
(And the sleepers'll join the fallen)
So I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good morning
(And the sleepers will join the fallen)

Drama make the city happy
All I think about is making classics
Tragic classics for the masses
This how you make a motherfucking classic (Classic)

This is where I leave you
Carry you
In the city of Compton
This is where I leave you
Carry you
Down the Pacific Coast
This is where I leave you
And all your issues

// Deep Water //

Where you from nigga?
(Help me!)

"What is going on in Compton? I don't understand it."
"Well as it relates to this, this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this, you'll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre."

I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost
All you niggas the utmost
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder
And tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cutthroat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Could've stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go

(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Psst! This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (The Pacific), representing
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water

Listen, listen, listen, all you niggas swimming in the info
Go fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfucking fishes
(Swimming with the motherfucking fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
(Don't get it fucked up!) Naw, nigga!
Now everybody wanna visit tryna re-up that prescription
(That prescription, yep, yeah, re-up)
That's my nigga, watercolors couldn't even paint the picture
If they don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fucking children)
I'm the one that got they ear
Ah, for many years, I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear: My influence run deep like the ocean

(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I ain't been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (If you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a lifeguard when you need one?

Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixing that with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking 'bout no rapping, I was jugging for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holler
No policing me, I got the beast in me, I gotta holler
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner city bullet flying 'til that bitch on auto pilot
Ah, shit! I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up!) Homie got fucked up
Tryna park his tour bus, not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A. County zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof!
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (Boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (Boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga, this is life in my aquarium

(Don't get it fucked up!) Been away from home
Been away from home all night long
(All they wanna know is: where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton)

This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at, nigga, down in the deep water

Help me
(Feels like you're drowning)
I'm drowning
Help me, help me, help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you, if you can't swim)
Help me
Help me, help me, help me
I can't, I can't breathe
I can't breathe, help
(Where's a lifeguard when you need one?)
God, please, please help me, please
Please help me, please help
Please help, please, please

// One Shot One Kill //

(Seagulls, water, bells)
Heaving breathing, panting
(One shot, one kill)
Okay

Guess who's back, it ain't a fucking question
They know the name, bow in the presence of a living legend
Fuck what you heard, it's murder murder, you gon' need protection
Some niggas blinded, couldn't see
So look for me to come and give direction
Who hold the crown, it ain't no conversation
I'm being modest should be silent 'less you paying homage
Remain the hottest, niggas can't stop us, that's just being honest
And making hits, I never had problems much in that department
Don't get me started, don't compare me to the newest nigga
For every one of you, there's a hundred more
And I watch them come and go, my track record ain't coincidental
And these verses is like hearses
Consistently killing y'all with instrumentals
Tell me, fuck what would y'all do without me?!
Kill yourself for even thinking something crazy 'bout me
I'm like Ali, your fucking champ, now watch me rope a dope
Just watch him choke, cause everything I drop is dope
Now watch 'em all go up in smoke

I came here to raise hell, I can't lie
One shot, one kill, it's real, I ain't hiding
Don't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
And never get it fucked up, I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it, I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up, over guns so I try
Now that weak shit will never slide, I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys

Look, what the fuck, I was just chilling in the cut
Ain't no beginners, only winners run amok, you runners up
You funny fuck like twenty bucks, I know your slut will let me fuck
I told my city "Hold me down," now look how high they hold me up
I'm Kobe clutch, I hold my nuts 'fore I was old enough to cuss
Was kissing bitches after lunch, now that's a motherfucking rush
So by high school I was fucking niggas' bitches on the hush
So no questions and no panties is a motherfucking must
It's the people's rapper, I ain't no rapper, I'm the rapture
On the morning after, you lacking passion, you ain't rap
You just a wack distraction, I can't relax cause I feel the magic smashing
Toni Braxton, where your sisters at? Let's get it cracking (Bo!)
Look, I was young, I was broke, had no hope, so I wrote
That's how I cope, I went hard with no results
New approach, same truth, just get ready, aim, shoot
Then get buried, bang, woof, so they better bring troops
Because

I came here to raise hell, I can't lie
One shot, one kill, it's real, I ain't hiding
Don't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
And never get it fucked up, I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it, I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up, over guns so I try
I had weak shit, we'll never slide, I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys

It's fucking murder, baby
I'm tryna hurt 'em, baby
I know you heard me, baby
Feel like I'm going crazy
It's fucking murder, baby
Run, run, run, the cops almost got me
Another tear drop, another motherfucking body
Uh, uh, uh, another fucking body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another body
Uh, uh, uh, another fucking body, body

// Just Another Day //

It's motherfucking Game time!

Six pounds of chronic on my grandma coffee table
That's how you remember it? That's how I remember it
Yeah, dip into the liquor store, nine in my khakis
Crips tryna get at me, my red Impala bumping like acne
My city a trap me; been shot, robbed, stabbed, chased home, socked out
Jabbed by esse's, cops, degenerate niggas with rags
Disintegrate niggas when enemy, dome shots like Kennedy
Slugs dripping with Hennessey, got murderous tendencies
And if you don't know where the fuck they got me from
Martin Scorsese when I pull out my gun
Scarface, car chase, tell me how your blood taste
Ask your baby mama, she'll tell you how a Blood taste
Basket case, still I'm back with Dre, wait I never left
Run up in Beats, "Bitch pass the safe! Compton"
Produced by a billion in this motherfucker
Still smoking, Dre we need a ceiling in this motherfucker
Compton! They're killing in this motherfucker
They're grilling in this motherfucker
Lock the door, they're stealing in this motherfucker
No chains, no rings, this my home
Nigga, this Hub City, no-fly zone
Niggas pull out burners
Start breaking like Turbo on Ozone
Crack fiends on the back streets
Where the tracks lean, where the needles lay
And switchblades, if you bitch made
Put chili all on your Frito Lay's
Where we dream of Montego Bay
But all we got is the swap meet
Where the cops meet, go bang bang
Leaves blood stains on that concrete
And I'm the only nigga bumping Mobb Deep
'Cause I mob deep down that side street
'Cause I'm a west-side rider, live with gats on collars
Don't hate me, better get your dollars
I be on Rosecrans with a Glock in both hands
Leaning on that Brougham
Flamed up like a Coke can with my name on it

Another day in Compton, the thrill is high
Know somebody's watching, but I don't know why
Feel the fire burning, it touches the sky
Feel 'em coming at you, I won't die tonight
So I get by, I get by
I get by, I get, I get by
'Cause it's just another day in Compton

// For The Love Of Money //

For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money

It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane

Say "What's up" to the broke nigga at the rich party (Woo!)
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do it look like I give a fuck? Sorry (Yeah!)
Looking at these hoes
And their gold-digger-gorgeous tryna get me (Woo!)
I run game on a bitch
And one Mississippi, two Mississippi (Yeah!)
Flint nigga in the spot
'Til they pop one and the cops come like (Woo!)
Motherfuckers own a shotgun
Like a pop gun and they're ready like (Yeah!)
Civic good nigga
I'm a Northside nigga 'til I'm gone (Woo!)
Do it for the ones in the hood
Like Connor gon' put the city on (Wait!)
Fuck that shit, nigga, fuck that shit, go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I ain't got shit but I still feel good
Nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell 'em post up
Homie in the hood like "Let me hold something"
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him little buddy froze up
All they be talking but ain't saying nothing
Niggas be talking that ain't what they want
Ain't no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this shit, I ain't giving a fuck
You laugh at a bitch, she get hid in the trunk
You think this sound crazy, that's how I grew up
So this for my people who still in the cut

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get it, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

Say "What's up" to the nigga
Wearing all black at the white party (Woo!)
And I'm looking like I don't give a fuck
That's just how I get down nigga, sorry (Yeah!)
And I'm looking like I don't play no games
Nah, nigga don't try me (Woo!)
Been that nigga that's spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfucking hobby (Yeah!)
If you're on that bullshit nigga
Better fly that shit right by me (Woo!)
Came from the bottom of this bitch
And made it out of that shit and that's why we (Yeah!)
On top of this motherfucking world
Damn, look at that body (Woo!)
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me (Yeah!)
Bend it over, end of story

Seems like chasing paper's what's important to you
Got a relationship with that money
But that bitch will never be faithful to you
Even though I know she knows she crazy
Please just let it go, seize, no saving you
Ride, ride 'til the motherfucking wheels fall off in this bitch
But we can do it for the love
But I'm never stopping my popping
These numbers don't lie, but your love is superficial
It's the simple shit you need to pay attention to

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mane

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane

// Satisfiction //

Simple pleasures, rock star living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing – satisfiction

Yeah, I mean, I listen to these rap records
Half the time I'm suspicious
You niggas sound so fictitious
Believe me, I know the difference
I got some words for you niggas
You're the definition of (satisfiction)
Listen up, I been where you going three times and plus
Big houses, cars, jewelry, bad bitches all around this motherfucker, uh
I seen it all and guess what?
It's the (Satisfiction), you feel me?

Oh yeah, oh I see what you saying
I know some niggas just like that
Fronting ass niggas, man, really ain't got no bucks like that
Stuck like that, its cool if you cool with getting love like that
Flashing down to Southside Raleigh
You'll be running outta luck like that
What I mean by that is why your name always in these rental records?
Spending rent money getting that bottle service into your section
You leased your car, leased your house, leased your spouse
Know she leaving if you run outta paper
And might be smashing your neighbor
I know you think you a star 'cause followers clicking
Guess your ambition is to keep up with social tradition
Like sneaker shopping some of you niggas is fucking sickening
'Cause you'll take your soul out, just so you could fit in

Simple pleasures, rock star living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing – satisfiction
Satisfiction
Satisfiction

Cuz, fuck wrong with these niggas?
These labels always asking me to do a song with these niggas
Doc, I think its time for you to open up the pharmacy, nigga
And change this fucking music shit, my nigga, you should consider
Nah, I've been doing me locking, keeping these bad bitches open
And keeping 'em wet, yep, see 'cause Long Beach right by that ocean
Still sipping that gin and juice, my nigga, yep I'm still on that potion
And all these random niggas fake as fuck and I'm still getting noticed
God damn, man, how we 'sposed to handle this shit, cuh
Everything we built these niggas done dismantled this shit, cuh
We gotta get back to that real, that's on the dub
Another lesson from your uncle Snoop, what, what, what?

I'm just stating the facts
Don't get no realer than that
Satisfiction, attention, listen, play your position, player
Shouldn't be too hard, my nigga
It's supposed to be like a lay up
Shouldn't be so hard to be yourself
My nigga, wake up
Stay up, pay up, straight up, cake up
That's what I'm made of, high? Yup
My life is all authentic, that's why I'm going way up
Your satisfaction fictitious, your happiness is made up

Simple pleasures, rock star living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction
Satisfiction
Satisfiction

// Animals //

These old sneakers, faded blue jeans, no tricks, no gimmicks
I be stomping down-down-down-down-down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree
The upper class eat, middle don't exist
The bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad, laying in a ditch?
I be stomping down demons, stomping down quick, come on

And please don't come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fucking shit up, come on

Bullets still ringing, blood on the cement
Black folks grieving, headlines reading
Tryna pay it no mind, you just living your life
Everyone is a witness, everyone got opinions
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear, but I'm holding him tight
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear, but I'm holding him tight

Damn, why the fuck are they after me? Maybe 'cause I'm a bastard?
Or maybe cause of the way my hair grow naturally?
Still tryna figure out why the fuck I'm full of rage
I think I noticed this bullshit right around the fifth grade
Paraphernalia in my locker right next to the switchblade
Nothing but pussy on my mind and some plans of getting paid
But I'm a product of the system, raised on government aid
And I knew just how to react when it was time for that raid
Just a young black man from Compton, wondering, 'who could save us?'
And could barely read the sentences the justice system gave us
So many rental cars with bricks, I think they probably funded Avis
Some of us was imbalanced but some us used our talents, shit
Not all of us criminals but cops be yelling, "Stay back, nigga!"
We need a little bit of payback (Payback!)
Don't treat me like an animal 'cause all this shit is flammable
Don't fuck around 'cause when it's done, it's done
Fuck you!

And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And them white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain

And please don't come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we fucking shit up, come on
And please don't come around these parts
And tell me that we're all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fucking shit up, come on

These old sneakers, faded blue jeans, no tricks, no gimmicks
I be stomping down-down-down-down-down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree
The upper class eat, middle don't exist
The bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad, laying in a ditch?
I be stomping down demons, stomping down quick, come on

And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And them white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain

And please don't come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fucking shit up, come on
And please don't come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fucking shit up, come on

Yeah! This is DJ motherfucking Premier!
And I'm Dr. Dre (Dr. Dre)
What, Premo! Yeah we fucking shit up!
No! We don't play no games here! Motherfucker, please!
Aftermath
One of the reasons that me and you click
We don't lose, I always win
Let's face it, you basic, boy, for realla, for realla
Professional winners!
For realla, for realla

// Medicine Man //

Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah, about that...)

Don't let me find out the bitch in you
Don't let me find out the snitch in you

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself
Doctor's orders

Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit over-saturated, y'all can get evacuated
Kids sipping Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the Internet, stuck in place, salivating
Ain't nobody graduating
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it
That's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
Damn, I'm getting aggravated
Fuck, I'm getting agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fucking schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen acting twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four acting half they ages
Somebody tell me, what the fuck is going on?
These niggas in tight shit, I'm in the fucking Matrix
It's looking like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fucking greatest
I got all these patients, man
How come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money
Why? When I can't take it with me
Y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
They gon' find out who you are
Just admit it 'fore you get admitted

Say, what you living about? (Fuck you gon' tell me?)
Do you remember where you started out though?
You're looking lost now (You want a pass? Oh, damn!)
Fake it 'til you make it, take your little paper
But when you look in the mirror your credibility's gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who I'm not, that's word to Doc

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself

In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem I was this good scoffed, I just shook off
Probably reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended
See how plain it was now, they want me to jet
But no one really gave a fuck about my descent, 'til I took off
Mistook me because I looked soft
But I stood tall, I just followed the Doctor's orders
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what I'm 'posed to do, all's
I did was say what I'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fucking goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karma's headed for Armageddon
The drama setter, I'm going in, already got an arm and head in
Whoever said words are just words ain't heard me word 'em
I give a fuck if my image even ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned in this bitch
And whatever bitches feel like they didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse
It's worth it, so Doc, turn the beat on
Whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's to all the years I spent toeing a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind
In my mind I'm still underground as a groundhog
And I'ma go for mine, like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
No signs of slowing, these lines are my 9s
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign
Been a Doctor's assault rifle
With the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one, say when to blast, just give me the order, I spray (uh)
Pain in the ass, you'll get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there ain't none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waiting on someone to say something
Dre, make the bass pump!
And let the tape run for old time's sake!
I spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment you're waiting for has come, but the—

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the morning, overdose and kill yourself
Doctor's orders, Doctor's orders

Ah, fuck!

// Talking To My Diary //

I just need y'all to try to bear with me for a minute
While I talk about the pages of my diary, listen up

I remember when I got started my intention was to win
But a lot of shit changed since then
Some old friends became enemies in the quest of victory
But I made a vow, never let this shit get to me
I let it pass, so I consider that part of my history
And I'm strong; financially, physically
Mentally I'm on a whole 'nother level
And don't forget that I came from the ghetto
Sold a new house for my moms, that's special
I let you going shopping 'til your feet get tired
Then a new Benz just for you to ride in
When I didn't have it, you provided
Don't be surprised that I built an enterprise
And my house got a view of the city like a high rise
I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just talking to my diary

When I open up my book, I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinking I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary

Now puff-puff-pass got a nigga having flashbacks
I remember how it used to be
Now my money like NASDAQ, my checks you can cash that
I remember how it used to be

I used to be a starving artist, so I would never starve an artist
This is my passion, it's where my heart is
It gets the hardest when I think about the dearly departed
Like the nigga I started with
I know Eazy can see me now, looking down through the clouds
And regardless, I know my nigga still proud
It's been a while since we spoke but you still my folks
We used to sit back, laugh and joke
Now I remember when we used to do all-nighters
You in the booth and Cube in the corner writing
Where Ren at? Shout out to my nigga Yella
Damn, I miss that... shit, a nigga having flashbacks

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinking I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary

