// The Chronic (Intro) //

This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
Welcome to Death Row
Like we always do about this time

Ha ha ha, yeah, nine-deuce
Death Row Records, creeping while you're sleeping
Niggas with attitudes? Nah, loc, niggas on a motherfucking mission
What up niggas and niggettes?
That crazy-ass nigga's back in the motherfucking hizzouse
The notorious Compton G
D-R-E on the solo tip, fuck them other fools
What up, Ren?
Yeah, dropping Chronic flakes on your ass, bitch
West Coast flavor
Niggas who talk shit get dealt with real quick
So if you wanna take a trip to the Row
Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know
Protected by niggas with big dicks, AKs, and one-eight-seven skills
So if it's must you test us, we can handle it the streets, nigga, fuck making records
Yeah, G's up, hoes down
If that bitch can't swim, then she bound to drizzown
Peace to my nigga Drizzae, another Platinum hit, nigga
Peace to The D.O.C., still making it funky enough
And Death Row Records is in full motherfucking effizzect
Oh, yeah, PS, fuck Mr. Roarke and Tattoo, AKA Jerry and Eazy
Sincerely yours, these motherfucking nuts
I don't love Eazy, I don't love Jerry
I don't love Ruthless Records
Frankly, I don't love nothing they got to do with
But, but, but you know what I want them to do for me?
Jerry, Eazy, check this shit right here
I want y'all to put these bizzalls in your jizzaws
And work them like a strizzaw and tell me what you sizzaw
Yeah, you know what? You know what?
Fuck all y'all! Fuck y'all!
Really though, it's Death Row, nigga!
You better ask somebody, you really better ask somebody!

Get out, get out, I don't love you no more
Yeah, nigga, you's a penguin-looking motherfucker

// Fuck Wit Dre Day //

Hah, yeah
Hell yeah
Hah, know what I'm saying?
Yeah

Mista Busta, where the fuck you at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know you got your gat
Your dick on hard from fucking your road dogs
The hoods you threw up with, niggas you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homie, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out ya mouth
Make ya bow down to the Row
Fucking me, now I'm fucking you, lil' ho
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah, it's me so I'ma talk on
Stomping on the easiest streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back 'cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G., 'cause you lost all your homie's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked with me, now it's a must that I fuck with you

You better raise up
Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talking about
We have your motherfucking record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You know what I'm saying? Punk motherfucker
We want Eazy! We want Eazy! We want Eazy!

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfucking house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfucking house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy?
It seems like you're good for making jokes about your jimmy
Well, here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was a 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, I'm talking about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kicking were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg? "Oh, is he crazy?"
With your mama and your daddy hollering "Baby!"
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre, nigga, you're fucking with Death Row
And I ain't even swanging them thangs
I'm hollering 187 with my dick in your mouth, bitch

Yeah, nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit, get your motherfucking cranium cracked, nigga, step on up
Now, we ain't no motherfucking joke, so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R
Yeah, motherfucker (The shit done hit the fan)

Now understand this, my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bending over so Luke's getting fucked, buster
Must've thought I was sleazy
Or thought I was a mark 'cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made you speak what you spoke (Yeah)
Ayo, Dre (What up?) Chip this nigga off, loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots to fuck with
Gap teeth in your mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on your tonsils
While you're on stage rapping at your wack-ass concert
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
And show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
'Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gonna creep to South Central
On a street knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryna check my homie, you best check yourself
'Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, motherfucker (Yeah, nigga)

So I don't want no dilapidated, two-faced, pigeon-toed, bow-legged, cross-eyed son of a gun fucking with me (Fucking with me)
Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre dropping chronic once again
It don't stop
Punishing punk motherfuckers real quick-like
Compton style, nigga
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfucking house
Yeah, Long Beach is in the motherfucking house
Yeah, yeah, straight up
Really, though
Breaking all them suckers off something real proper-like
You know what I'm saying?
All them sucker-ass niggas can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E, Eazy-E, Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick
Yeah (Yeah)

// Let Me Ride //

Bitch!
Eeeh, wha'ppen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So wha'ppen Dre, tell 'em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh

Creeping down the back street on Ds
I got my Glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 trying to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas coming like the Gotti boys
Bodies being found on Greenleaf
With their fucking heads cut off, motherfucker, I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rolling in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clocking all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So won't you just walk on by? 'Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no, this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfucking D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhyming spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I'll have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
'Cause I'm—

Rolling in my six-four
What all the niggas saying?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Just another motherfucking day for Dre, so I'll begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangster glare with gangster raps
That gangster shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfucking streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on Ds, hitting the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumping like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smelling like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick 'cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah

Rolling in my six-four
What all the bitches saying?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfucking bitches saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what I'm saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossing
Checking my rear-view 'cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools 'cause I smack fools
Trying to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gang bang
Some niggas like lynching, but I just watch 'em hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peeping out their window when they hear me beating up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfucking day
Yo, but I ain't tripping, I'm just kicking it
While my Ds keep spinning and these hoes keep grinning I'll be—

Rolling in my six-four
What everybody saying?

Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody saying?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride

// The Day The Niggaz Took Over //

I'ma say this and I'ma end mine
If you ain't down for the Africans here in the United States
Period, point-blank
If you ain't down for the ones that suffered in South Africa from apartheid and shit
Dammit, you need to step your punk-ass to the side
And let us brothers and us Africans step in
And start putting some foot in that ass!

Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something

I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But living in the city, it's do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But living in the city, it's do-or-die

Them wonder why mi violent, them no really understand
For the reason why mi take mi law in mi own hand
Mi not out for peace and mi not Rodney King
The gun goes click, mi gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them riot in L.A. 'cause them no really wanna see
Niggas start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock us down at seven o'clock, barricade us like Beirut
Mi don't show no love 'cause it's us against them
Them never, ever love me 'cause it's sport to break them
And kill, at my own risk, if I may
To lay, to spray with my AK, and put 'em to rest

Yes, we have—there have been riots, ah, uh, rioting
Well, I don't wanna say rioting, but there's been looting downtown
But right now, Bree, what I want to show you is
They have started fires down at the end of the street

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do? What you wanna do?
I said, how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9

That's what they told us today, "In other words, you still a slave"
No matter how much money you got, you still ain't shit!

Sitting in my living room, calm and collected
Feeling that gotta-get-mine perspective
'Cause what I just heard broke me in half
And half the niggas I know, plus the niggas on the Row is bailing
Laugh now, but cry much later
You see, when niggas get together, they get mad 'cause they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
They found that they couldn't handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
With the Ese's helping, nigga, it's time to rob and mob
And break the white man off something lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I don't love them so them can't love me
Yo, straight putting it down, getting my scoot on
It's jumping off in Compton so I gots to get my loot on
And come up on me some furniture or something
Got a VCR in the back of my car
That I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
'Cause they will see that I can't be stopped
'Cause I'ma cock my Glock and pop 'til they all drop

Yes, on the videotape we seem to have the, uh
People in the crowd throwing things at the officers
And swinging at them as well
As there was a, uh, young woman there, you see, took a swing at—
At an officer with some object in her hand

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do? What you wanna do?
I said, how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a nine

I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But living in the city, it's do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But living in the city, it's do-or-die

One-time trigger happy, no nigga love
One-eighty-seven time, time to grab the glove
Can't get prints on a nine I throw away
Or get prints on my Uzi when it spray
Pop-pop, pop, another motherfucker drop
And I get relief like, plop, plop, fizz
Smash, I crashed his head like a window
I ain't Nintendo, I'm high off the indo
Creeping, with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on a doughnut
And crack-up, so now he best to back up
I guess I gots to pack up, filling the clip up
I zip uptown but motherfucking cops are all around
Helicopters flying, these motherfuckers trying
To catch me and stretch me on Death Row
But hell no, the poor blacks refuse to go

This now covers a very, very wide area of Los Angeles where these fires have been, uh, ignited
I mean, from here to the, uh, to the south end of South Central is a long way

Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something
Break 'em off something, break 'em off something

The outcome of this is destruction, so them all fall
Niggas don't give a fuck, so them bust and them fall
The description of three blacks
Shows no justice, so, pick up it's your right
If you riot again, mi, turn the other cheek
We, be too many, mi got, mi nine to my side
So mi bust, flick, 'cause he don't give a fuck
And mi don't give a fuck
And all my problems end with that buck-buck

Blam, blam, blam 'til them fall
Listen to the shots from a nigga Doggy Dogg, biddy-bye
Dr. Dre, him bust gun shots
Diggidy Daz and RBX, them bust gun shots
Come again

// Nuthin But A "G" Thang //

One, two, three and to the four
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the door
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
'Cause you know we're 'bout to rip shit up
Give me the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothing but a G thing, baby
Two loced out niggas going crazy
Death Row is the label that pays me
Unfadeable so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But, um, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so I'ma let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know, she could be earning her man and learning her man
And at the same time burning her man
Now, you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it (Yeah)
And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel
Well, if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

Well, I'm peeping and I'm creeping and I'm creeping
But I damn near got caught 'cause my beeper kept beeping
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this before
With a producer who can rap and control the micstro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know, I flow some old funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
Of what me and my homie Snoop Dogg came to do

It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode

You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

Falling back on that ass with a hellafied gangster lean
Getting funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens
It's the capital S, oh, yes, I'm fresh, N, double-O, P
D, O, double-G, Y, D, O, double-G, you see
Showing much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimping hoes and clocking a grip like my name was Dolemite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfucking G shit (Hell yeah)
So, Dre (What up, Dogg?)
Gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off something (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumping (City of Compton)

Is where it takes place, so when asked, your attention
Mobbing like a motherfucker but I ain't lynching
Dropping the funky shit that's making the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfucking homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slipping
But if I got my nina, then you know I'm straight tripping
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mac down
And if you bitches talk shit, I have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told ya I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Putting the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better

Like this, that and this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode

You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

// Deeez Nuuuts //

Let me call this old bitch, see what this bitch doing
Call this bitch, raggedy-ass, shit, man
Hello?
What's up?
Nothing, what you doing?
Nothing, just kicking it
Are y'all done?
Nah, what you gon' do today?
Um, pick up my clothes from the cleaners, I think I'll go get my nails done
Serious?
Why? What's up?
Ay, did, did what's-your-name done get at you yesterday?
Who?
Deez nuts!
Aw, shut up, nigga

"I wanna ask you one question
If I had some nuts, hanging on the wall, what would I have honey?"
I said, "Darling, you'd have some walnuts"
She said, "Well, daddy, if I had some nuts on my chest, would those be chestnuts?" I said, "Hell yeah"
She said, "Well daddy if I had nuts under my chin would those be chin-nuts?"
I said, "Hell no, bitch, you'd have a dick in your mouth!"

Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
Check game from the notorious Compton G

Back with some shit that gots to bump
As you pull up in the park, you pops your trunk
Just to floss it like a motherfucker, clowning and shit
Got your Dana's on your hooptie and your fly-ass bitch
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that ho
If she proper, I'ma pop her, the ho hopper
Is back on track
With big money, big nuts and a big fat chronic sack

So Daz, step up on they ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past

Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E, so you know I must be dope
But, uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Starting static with Dre, make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavi
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
(Long Beach, tic-tac, grab your gat, watch your back)
Here I come, stomping in my khaki suit
B.G. from the hood, kinfolk Eastwood
God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling

But could you raise up off his nuts?
'Cause Dr. Drizzae's about to rizzip shit up

Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
You're tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E

Now check me out, it's back to the old school
Where the niggas get they scrap on, don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky-ass shit by the D-O-double-G-Y D-O-double-G
Real Gs who drop kis
Protect these N-U-T's, so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangster shit (Bitch)
So recognize game from the gangster
Things will remain the same until I change 'em

It's real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double-G

I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfucking day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfucking day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street

// Lil' Ghetto Boy //

—so, all of you Africans
All of you Africans that know how to do things that's working for other people
Y'all need to open your own business
Save your money, quit paying motherfuckers for jheri curls
Quit paying motherfuckers for perms
Save your money, start your own business
So these little Africans will have wa—places to work
This is our future right here!
This our future right here! (Right there)
This—(The new generation is going! The new generation!)
Hey, I'ma tell you right now
If—If—If I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future, I'm a dead motherfucker! (You right! Respect!)

Wake up, jumped out my bed
I'm in a two man cell with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?
I'm only eighteen, so I'm a young buck
It's a riot, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck
But that's the life of a G, I guess
Eses way deep, shanked two in the chest
Best run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker
Uh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Getting that rep as a young hog
It ain't nothing like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank, 'cause ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time

Them say me grow up to be nothing
Look at me now and tell me what you see
I am what I am, it's only me
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What you gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Now I'm holding a dub, sitting on swoll
27 years old, up for parole, stroll
I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That I'll be making soon as I touch the streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right
But it ain't no thing to me
'Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed OG
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with 'cause I'm down to set trip
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what you wanna do?
Didn't know he had a twenty-two
Straight sitting behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get (For what?)
For trying to jack the little homies for they grip

Me learn many things from what me see from the street
The outcome of what I've come to be
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What you gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Something for the real OGs to get with
Some facts, made our made, now you running but don't play
Like every single day, really, though
You know me, I'm the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie
No needing being calm if you pack right
And learning just enough to keep your sack right
Late nights, I wonder what they're getting for?
Early morning on the corners, what they're hitting for?
Seven young Gs put their serve down
In a G ride, east side's where they swerve now
Not thinking about what's really going on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they're gone
I spent four years in the county with nothing but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
'Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
'Cause you's a hustling-ass youngster, clocking your grip

Now me finally grown as you can see, still an OG
For life and always remain to be
A little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What you gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

// A Nigga Witta Gun //

Yeah, nigga, what's up with all that motherfucking shit you was talking, nigga? (Hey, why you tripping?)
Huh? (Hey Dre, why you tripping, why you tripping?)
Fuck that, nigga, what's up with all that shit you was talking, nigga? (I ain't say nothing, why you tripping?)
You're a motherfucking liar, nigga, that was you (Nah, that wasn't me!)
That was you, nigga (That wasn't me!), hey—
Hey, check this out, motherfucker
What's wrong, nigga? (It wasn't!)
You can't talk with a gun in your mouth? (Nah, it wasn't me, Dre!)
You can't talk with a gun in your mouth? (It wasn't me!)
Listen up, nigga, you know Lucifer? (Nah)
Well, you're about to meet him, motherfucker

Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun

Forty-four reasons come to mind
Why a motherfucking brother is hard to find
He been walking on the streets and fucking with mine
Stupid punk can't fuck with a mastermind
See, I never take a step on a Compton block
Or L.A. without the AK ready to pop
'Cause them punk motherfuckers in black and white
Ain't the only motherfuckers I gots to fight
I think it's better to be telling the facts than cuffed up
And jacked and fucked up
What you niggas looking at? You going
"Goddamn!" 'Cause it's the city
And for you to survive, a nigga gotta be a gangster
And I'm a nigga you can't remove
Took out a lot of motherfuckers for trying to prove
To they homies that they can hang by dealing with me
But once again in the end they D-E-A-D
I never did time on a murder yet
'Cause I relax, sit back, do a job and jet
Yo, I know you understand my flow
So here we go, and Death Row
Come let a motherfucker know

Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun

D-R-E, a motherfucker who's known for carrying gats
And kick raps that make snaps, adapts to
Any environment that I'm located at
If you see me on the solo move believe that I'm strapped
Four-four, tray-eight or AK-47
'Cause slowly but surely send you on a stairway to heaven
Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back
And lay a punk motherfucker flat
As he wonder what popped before he got popped
I told you I was Dre and you know it don't stop
Now I know you understand my flow
So here we go, and Death Row
Come let a motherfucker know

Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun

I breaks 'em off, I breaks 'em off, yeah
I breaks 'em off, I breaks 'em off, yeah

I breaks 'em off, but I ain't speaking about between the thighs
I'm talking about cocking a gauge in between your eyes
It'll make you drop to your knees 'cause you realize
That a gat'll make any nigga civilized
Old buster-ass nigga talking bullshit
Don't know that I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with
Get lit or hit up by the doctor
A nigga that breaks 'em off properly
Real G so don't doubt it
I'm the one who's doing it while these other niggas talk about it
And if motherfuckers come at me wrong
I straight put my forty-four Desert Eagle to his motherfucking dome
And show him why they call me the notorious one
The name is Dre Eastwood when I'm packing a gun
You don't believe me, well step up and give it a try
And if you die, you's a buster, 'cause real niggas don't die
But some still don't hear me, though
You're too near me not to hear me, nigga, yo
So now you know

Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun
Who's the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfucking gun

// Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat //

You really don't understand, do you?
Hey man, don't you realize in order for us to make this thing work, man, we've got to get rid of the pimps, and the pushers and the prostitutes?
And then start all over again clean
Nigga, is you crazy?
Once again, the mighty Death Row organization committing mass murder
And we ain't asking for shit, nigga, we taking it
So, Dre, blast they ass, nigga!

Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of L.A. wondering where the pussy at
Straight player, looking for a ho
Hanging out, rolling in my six-four
Sixteen switches for the niggas in my hood
Seventeen shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
Ya come outside, nigga, ya getting fucked up
I done told ya, creep-creep, ya best move
Like Luther Vandross, I'm fucking up the west coast
I'm right back up in ya when ya nut
One, two, three nut, from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my sixty-four and a lot of dough
I keep it like this and like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Ooh-wee, that's that nigga owe you that grip
Yeah, there that fool is (Well, what's up? Break him off proper then)
What's up? What's happening? (Can I get them ends?) What's up?
Nigga, you delinquent, can I get those ends? (I ain't)
Aye, nigga, pay this nigga (He ain't tripping), well, what's up?
Man, I ain't got your money (Go 'head) Well, yo, check this out, nigga
What's up, fool? What's up? What's up? You don't want—
Yeah, motherfucker
I'll be back, yo, I'll be back! (Oh yeah?) You ain't never coming back, fool

Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah, nigga)

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Creeping and peeping and we can get with these
The Chronic, slanging fat kis from my block
And it don't stop, tell me where you wanna go
To the strip, or take a trip balling with the Row
My shit off in ya system attacks
Indo smoke go in ya lungs like that
You get lifted, calm, and if it's the bomb
Taken away like Calgon, Vietnam
California, back and on a mission
Proving a point, in my game, ain't no fucking competition
They wishing but run up on reality
C-P-T, C-A-L my locality
It's strange how I re-arrange and change
The business by dropping shit like this
Dope, niggas can't cope with the real
I bill, penitentiary steel, when I kill, it goes

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Hell yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Straight up
Now you niggas know where my homie coming from
So quit the chit-chat 'fore you find yourself flat on your bizzack, fool
It's nine-deuce, Dr. Drizzay's sitting on tizzop
It don't stop, treating busters like a punk-ass cizzop
Bitch!

// Lyrical Gangbang //

This should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential area

Now I'ma kick up dust as I begin to bust
On the wick-wack, fucked up suckers you can't trust
When I kick up, I lick up, your face get smacked up
When I rack up, so all you motherfuckers just pack up
Or get slapped with the swiftness
If you think you're swift with the gift, Merry Christmas
Now stuff that in your stocking
I'm knocking 'em out the box and
Knocking 'em out their socks and 'cause Robin is rocking
Breaking 'em down to the slab
Taking 'em down on their ass
Now what you wanna do? Ya wanna battle? Uh
Send you up shit creek without a motherfucking paddle
Rattle that brain, I'm not the same old plain Jane
Roll on you like a boulder, you're nothing more than a grain
Or a pebble, take it from the real rap rebel
Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to that other level
You think you got pull? Then pull it, uh
I got the trigger so I figure you'll bite the bullet
Then bite the dust and wipe the fuss
Do what I must, and what I must is bust
A bubble or two, some trouble for you
So skip to my Luger, Lady of Rage is coming through

Some cool shit
Some cool shit
Boo-ya, spitting out buckshots

I fears no one, I makes 'em cool off like the polar cap
Clenching as the hits misses the roller's back
Pushing packs to make a profit
Diggy dope duck on the topic, so stop and give me my props, kid
I'm living large like a fat bitch
So get back, bitch, I'm hard to bogart so the fact is
This young black kid a mercenary, merciless
Murdering millions of niggas, so who's first to diss?
They say I'm bad, so you'll find none worse than this
Chewing motherfuckers up like a Hershey's Kiss
Put to sleep, loving the lyrics I leave in the minds of each
Rough when flex, too complex, wrecks your mental piece
So feel the wrath, nigga, I rip in half, niggas
You're quick to talk shit, I whoop your ass, nigga
Then watch me blast, nigga, 'cause I'm the last nigga
You wanna fuck with, so up your cash, nigga
I make 'em stagger, I'm scandalous as Jimmy Swaggart
I'm a good tracker, scoping your girl then watch me tag her
Pulling steel like a stunt
Shown like an ID card, nigga, no needs to front, so
Here to torment, I put track on crack
And I'm strapped with a semi-tone milli-ten Mac
Yo, I breaks 'em off, I breaks 'em off, chief
Deadly as Jason on Friday the 13th

A to the motherfucking K

Back in the days, niggas, they use to scrap
But now in '92, niggas, they pull their strap
'Cause, um, police, them come wicked then them shoot niggas
So niggas retaliate and start to loot
Execute, boot stomping
Black soldier here to teach and mold ya
The innovator, dominator, narrator
R-B to the motherfucking X, flex wicked
Stylee, bump and be found and do bleed by a
Maniac with a gat
See, nowadays, niggas is like that
I pull my trigger back, the bullets go
Buh-buh-buh, now I'm on death row
Fuck it, niggas going wild
Every night they shoot, it's like Beirut
Maybe you should get a Kevlar vest for your chest
Anytime stepping through my hood
But that'll do you no good
One slug to your face, don't hate
You're getting smoked like wood
Nasty nigga, bloody pumps, face flat
On the concrete, here comes the white sheet
Mr. Coroner, caught with some yellow tape
But the murderers escape
Audi like five Gs
Lyrical gang-bang but it's just a G thang

// High Powered //

Yo, yo, what's up?
Yo, man, give me some of that old, gangster-ass shit, you know what I'm saying?
Some shit I can just kick back, smoke a fat-ass joint to
You know what I'm saying? Ha ha
Hell yeah, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
I like that old gangster shit
'Cause you know it's a lot of niggas out there
Woofing all that bullshit, talking 'bout they got this and got that
Talking louder than a motherfucker but ain't saying shit
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, nigga, I see your lips quivering
But you ain't saying a motherfucking thing
But my niggas, I got my niggas in the motherfucking house
And they gon' tell you what's really going on
Got my motherfucking nigga RBX definitely in this motherfucker
I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker, ready to kick some real shit
Know what I'm saying?
And that little shit you hear in the background?
That's my home girl Rage
So, RBX, kick this shit

Seven execution style murders
I have no remorse 'cause I'm the fucking murderer
Haven't you ever heard of a killer?
I drop bombs like Hiroshima
So now I walk around strapped
One-time bust they caps and watch niggas collapse
Snap, adapt to this, but you need no adapter
This is just the first chapter
In a book from a crook
You get caught slipping, your ass gots to die
Nigga, tell me what the fuck you figure
Trigger happy, RBX to cap you
Pump, pump, and I can't wait to bust a round
Pump, pump, my hollow point smacks the clown
'Cause what I said split his head
And now they got me running from the feds
But I refuse to go alive
It's kill or be killed, that's how real niggas survive
I'm high powered

Yeah
It's Daz, that mass-murdering motherfucker
So, what, you feel like you wanna get caught up?
Fool, you better recognize
Death Row came to chastise
So if you cross the Row
Remember the first name is Death
No love for the other side

// Stranded On Death Row //

"Yes, it is I," says me
And all who agree are more than three 'cause they're we, ha ha
Yes, yo, I'm in the house now for sure
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Who knows what evil lurks within them?
But let's take a travel down the blindside
And see what we find on this path called

Stranded on death row, so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal
Niggas know the flow that I kick, there's no equal
I'm murdering niggas, yo, and maybe because of the tone I kicks
When I grip the mic and kick shit niggas can't fuck with
So remember I go hardcore and slam
'Nough respect like a sensei, whoop ass like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossing
Why don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson?
Take a walk through the hood where we up to no good
Slanging them things like a real O.G. should
I'm stacking and macking and packing a ten so
When you're slipping, I slip the clip in, but ain't no set tripping
'Cause it's Death Row, rolling like the mafia
Think about whooping some ass, but what the fuck stopping ya?
Ain't nothing but a buster
I'm stranded on death row for pumping slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know you're outdone, feel the shotgun
Kurupt, inmate, cell block one

No prevention from this lynching of sorts
You're a victim from my drive-by of thoughts
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braille
From a lunatic, I'm death like arsenic
When I kick a wicked rap, Dr. Dre will hit the scratch
With treachery, my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm, plural, make it many storms
When I'm vexed, I fight leg, necks, and arms
In this dimension, I'm the presenter
And the inventor, and the tormentor
Deranged, like the Hillside Strangler
MC mangler, tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do?
The narrator RBX, cell block two

Rage, lyrical murderer
Stranded on death row and now I'm serving a
Lifetime sentence, there'll be no repentance
Since it's the life that I choose to lead, I plead guilty
On all counts, let the ball bounce where it may
It's just another clip into my AK
Buck 'em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my mattress
Bed frame, there's another dead, bang
Laying lame, put to shame, who's to blame?
Me, the Lady of Rage, a woman coming
From the D-E-A-T-H and R-O-W, taking no shit
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
It's 1-8-7 on motherfuckers, don't stop
Handcuffed as I bust, there'll be no debate
It's Rage, from cell block H

Ayo, stepping through the fog and creeping through the smog
It's the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
Making videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Busting raps for my snaps, now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homie, little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigger
Shooting at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row 'cause I wanted to make a grip from serving my rocks
And I'm still serving for mine
Peace to my motherfucking homies doing time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbing with your blues on, mad as hell
And you're saying, "Fuck the police"
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And it's driving the cops crazy
But ain't nothing but a black thing, baby
Uh, I'm not flagging, but I'm just sagging
I bet you don't wanna see the D-O-double-G
And you can't see the D-R to the E
Or my motherfucking homie D.O.C
You know you can't fuck with my motherfucking DJ
That's my homie and we call him Warren G
Yeah, and you don't stop
Doggy Dogg break 'em down with the motherfucking Dogg Pound
That's the only way we'll beat 'em, man
We gotta smoke 'em then choke 'em like the motherfucking Peterman
It's like three and to the two and two and to the one
Cell block four, peace, Doggy Dogg's done

Yo, now you know the path I'm on
You think you're strong?
See if you can travel on
'Cause only the weak will try to speak
Those who are quiet will always cause riots
There's three types of people in the world
Those who don't know what happened
Those who wonder what happened
And people like us from the streets that make things happen

// The Roach (The Chronic Outro) //

Cannabis Sativa, ha ha
Or in the heart of LA known as the chronic
Not to be confused with the bionic
Even though it does cost six million dollars, man, understand?
Ha ha, now we working with some new improved shit on this track
Nevertheless, not no stress, sucker-ass niggas
So now we're gon' move on and, uh, light a big fat one up for the world
And hit this once or twice and you'll be twice as nice
Get it? This is the chronic, ha ha
Blaze that motherfucker up then, nigga

Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home (Yeah)

Damn, my last joint, don't fuck with me, fool
Pass the bud
Who got the dub sacks?
I got it
Hoo-wee, this shorter than a motherfucker, man
You can take it or leave it, nigga
But I need a spliff right now
Roll this shit up then, nigga, and pass it
And I don't want no cess, brother
It's got to be the chronic, know what I mean, nigga?
Yeah, that's the chronic (Damn, it sure is), that's the chronic
That's the bomb bud (You ain't never lying)
Now, get me a motherfucking Zig-Zag and we're straight
Yeah, nigga, I got some
Or better yet, a motherfucking blunt (I got that shit)
A Philly blunt that is
Here you go

Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home

God damn, I'm fucked up
You ain't lying, I'm fucked up too, God (Yeah)
That shit ain't no joke, ooh, shit (Ain't no joke, fuck)
Nah, I don't want no more, I don't want shit
Just leave me alone, just let me just chill out and listen to this shit
What your mind doing, nigga? You can't hang? What the fuck's wrong?
I'm high, that's fucked up, damn

Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
(They put in this weed? That's why they call this shit chronic)
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up (Your ass still high) (Mm)
I want the bomb, I want the chronic (Damn), I gots to get fucked up (Damn, shit)
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home (Fucked up, fucked up)
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up (Fucking crazy, I'm fucked up, really)
Make my shit the chronic (Really, though), I gots to fire it up
(Nah, I'm cool than a motherfucker)
I want the bomb, I want the chronic (That shit, that shit's), I gots to get fucked up (That shit is crazy)
Make my bud the chronic (I'm high) before I take it home (Damn)

(That nigga Dre serving up some shit now)
Ooh, I'm ready to fuck some shit up now, baby
Hell, you can come on and fuck me up
Mm-hmm, (Uh-huh), triple cheeseburger
Oh, you talking about some food, I got some
Some fries and a motherfucking couple sodas and shit
And hot apple turnover and all that old shit, nigga
Ooh, I'm ready to get my munch on (Me too)
That bud smell good than a motherfucker too
I don't want hit no more of that old shit
That shit is not to be fucked with, not to be fucked with
I'm high, ooh, nigga, you pass that shit to somebody else
Nigga, I'm through for the night, I mean really though
Really though, nigga, let's go get some food, let's get up out this motherfucker
(Nah, man, we gonna go back and meet up with Dre)
'Cause, uh (For real, you ain't never lying)
No, nigga, don't be trying to pass me that shit
Nigga, I told you, I'm cool, I don't want nothing else
I'm out of here

Ha, I got another dub sack, nigga, ha ha

// Bitches Ain't Shit //

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tighter than a motherfucker with the gangster beats
And we was balling on the motherfucking Compton streets
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfucking pockets was fat
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hanging with a white bitch, doing the shit she do
Sucking on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothing
Now she's suing 'cause shit that she be doing ain't shit
Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short
So now she taking me to court
It's real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz

Now as I'm rolling with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fucking hoes, clocking dough, up to no good
We flip-flop and serve hoes like flapjacks
(But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash and get your dash on
While you're chilling with your homies and shit
And how my niggas kick the anthem like this (Bitch)

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

To the store to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
So I head down the streets to Long Beach
Just so I could meet a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up
Nothing but homies around, so I puts my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes, hah
But I'm from Tha Pound and we don't love them hoes
How could you trust a ho? (Why?) 'Cause a ho's a trick
I don't love them tricks (Why?) 'cause a trick's a bitch
And my dick's constantly in her mouth
Turning them trick-ass hoes the fuck out now

I once had a bitch named Annie Mae
Used to be all in them guts like every day
The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker, licking the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figured niggas wouldn't trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one-time
I'm back to the motherfucking county jail
Six months on my chest, now it's time to bail
Uh, I gets released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homie Dr. Dre
Scoop in a coupe, "Snoop, we got news
Your girl was tricking while you was draped in your county blues"
I ain't been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfucking chin-checking
Move up the blocks as we groove up the block
See my girl's house, "Dre, pass the Glock"
Kick in the door, I look on the floor
It's my little cousin Daz and he's fucking my ho, yo
(Bitches ain't shit) I un-cock my shit
I'm heartbroken but I'm still loc'ed, man, fuck a bitch

Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit

Ooh, yeah, oh-oh, yeah
I don't give a fuck about a bitch (Bitches ain't shit)
But I'll let her know that she can't fade this
'Cause I'm doing my own thing (Bitches ain't shit)
Down with the swang (Sing to these hoes)
I'm hanging with Death Row like it ain't no thing
I say you know you can't deal (Bitches ain't shit, Death Row)
'Cause I'm a bitch that's real
Motherfuckers need to step back
Hell yeah, they need to chill (Tell these motherfuckers)
Because I don't give a fuck (Bitches ain't shit), and I don't give a fuck
And I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck (Tell these motherfuckers)
And now I gotta do some—
I gotta do some shit that's clean (Bitches ain't shit)
But when I'm on the dick, hell yeah, I get real mean, hah
Like a washer machine, I can wash the clothes
All the hoes knows that I'm on the floor, ho (Bitches ain't shit)
But they can't hang with my type of swang
I ain't tryna say I suck every ding-a-lang
But just the juicy ones with the tip of the tongue
And then they're sprung and with their nuts hung

Bitches ain't shit

