Album: TheTemptinTemptations

// Since I Lost My Baby //

The sun is shining, there's plenty of light (oh yeah)
A new day is dawning, sunny and bright (oh yeah)
But after I've been crying all night
The sun is cold, and the new day seems old
Since I lost my baby. (Since I lost my baby.)
Oh, since I lost my baby. (Oh, since I lost my baby.)

The birds are singing and the children are playing
There's plenty of work and the bosses are paying
Not a sad word should a young heart be saying
But fun is a bore and with money I'm poor.

Since I lost my baby. (Since I lost my baby.)
Oh, since I lost my baby. (Oh, since I lost my baby.)
Next time I'll be kinder (Next time I'll be kinder)
Won't you please help me find her (Won't you please help me find her)
Someone just remind her (Someone just remind her)
Of this love she left behind her (Of this love she left behind her)
Till I find her I'll be trying ta (Till I find her I'll be trying ta)
Everyday I'm more inclined ta
Find her
Inclined ta
Find her
Inclined ta find my baby
Been looking everywhere (ba--by)
Baby, I really, really care!

Oh, determination is fading fast (oh yeah)
Inspiration is a thing of the past (oh yeah)
Can't see how my hope's gonna last
Good things are bad and what's happy is sad

Since I lost my baby. (Since I lost my baby.)
Oh, since I lost my baby. (Oh, since I lost my baby.)
I feel so bad (since I lost my baby)
I feel so sad (since I lost my baby)
Everything is wrong
This heart is hard to carry on (since I lost my baby)
I'm lost as can be (since I lost my baby)
What's gonna happen to me?

// The Girl's Alright With Me //

[Eddie:]
This little girl of mine
I wanna say shes so fine
And each and every day
I'll make sure she has her now
We don't feel tied down
Allthough are hearts are bound
I don't have to chsae her all over town
My baby shes all ways around

[Chorus:]
The girls allright with me
You know the girls allright [repeat]

Now shes so good to me
I guess thats why i feel fancy free
Just to see the glow in her eyes
Makes me once agian realize
I love her with all of my
And i know we'll never eva part
I never heard about or caught
Her playin i guess thats why
You allways hear me sayin'

[Chorus]

When i visit at her home
Other fellas never never ring her phone
She lets them know just where they stand
She tells them all that i'm her man
And when we're out on a date
Other fellas wait till i walk away
They try to beat my time
She tells them in a nice way shes mine
All mine

[Chorus]
[Fading]

// Just Another Lonely Night //

Morning... (Mor-or-ning)
Seems to come so slow.
Knowing... (Know-ow-ing)
How I need this warming glow.

Foolishly, I've made you cried.
Confident, you never say goodbye.

Darling, that's the reason why,
That even in a crowd, laughing out loud, I'm lonely. (Lonely)
For I love you only. And without you,
Every night's... just another lonely night.

Falling. (Just another)
Tears are falling from my eyes.
I'm calling (Just another)
Out your name, tearful sigh.

How I pray it's not too late.
All my life for you I wait.
Just call me I won't hesitate,
For when you left you took the best of me.

I love you, can't you see?
Since you've been gone,
Every night's... just another lonely night.

(Just another)
Since you've been gone my life is so lonely, baby, baby.
It's just-a (Just another)
Even my sun is hoping. (?)

(Just another)
Oh, it's all I need is you only.
Hmmm

(Just another)
I'm just no good without you, baby.
I'm just-a lonely, lonely...

// You've Got To Earn It //

(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

To get stones from a rock, you've got to break it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)
To get bread from dough, you've got to bake it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

To get water from a faucet, you've got to turn it
And if you want my love, if you want my love
You've got to earn it (Earn it, earn it, earn it)

(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

To get fire from a match, you've got to strike it
(Strike it, strike it, strike it, strike it)
To get the feeling from a kiss, you've got to like it
(Like it, like it, like it, like it)

To get ashes from wood, you've got to burn it
And if you want my love, if you want my love
You've got to earn it(Earn it, earn it, earn it)

You've got to treat me kind, all the time
Throw the other guys right out of your mind.
(Yeah, yeah)

[Instrumental]

Now listen

To make broken things work, you've got to fix them
(Fix them, fix them, fix them, fix them)
To make two things one, you've got to mix them
(Mix them, mix them, mix them, mix them)

To get butter from milk, you've got to churn it
And if you want my love, if you want my love
You've got to earn it(Earn it, earn it, earn it)

If you deserve it you can get it
I'll be glad to see you with it
Just show me that you love me
And that you're thinking of me
You can get it in a hurry...

// Everybody Needs Love //

Say you wanna be loved?
But you won't let me love ya
Say you want someone to trust in you?
Can't you see that's what I'm trying to do

I know you've been hurt before
And you're afraid to try love once more

Without love by your side, 
you're only half alive (Do do do)
Cause everybody needs love, oh yeah
Everybody needs love

Say you wanna be kissed? (Wanna be kissed)
But you won't let me kiss you (No no no)
Say you wanna be missed?
Can't you see how my arms are missing you

It's got you hurtin' so inside
that now from love you're trying to hide

Without love by your side, 
without love you can't survive (Do do do)
Cause everybody needs love, oh yeah
Everybody needs love, yeah yeah yeah

Eww ewww You need love
And I need love
Everybody needs love

So you wake up in the morning (Wake up in the morning)
Feeling all empty inside (Yeah yeah yeah)
I'll bet you I know what your trouble is
You need someone like me by your side

And I know you've been hurt before
But don't be afraid to try love once more

Cause without love you'll find 
you'll have no peace of mind (Do do do)
Cause everybody needs love, oh yeah
Everybody needs love, hey

You need love (yeah)
I need love (yeah)
Everybody needs love, love

Now now now now
You need love (yeah)
I need love (yeah)
Everybody needs love

Hey hey hey
You need love (yeah)
I need love (yeah)
Everybody needs love

Now now now now
You need love (yeah)
I need love (yeah)
Everybody needs love

// Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue) //

I love you girl, with all my heart and soul.
I can't understand why you treat me cold.
Your every wish, girl, is my command
And that's why I can't seem to understand why,
Girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue?
I'm askin' you girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue?

One day you say you love me too.
The next day you tell me that we are through.
My love for you is just a game.
But each time we play, girl, my heart feels the pain.
Girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue? Oh
Girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue? So blue

[Instrumental]

Woo girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue? (Make me blue)
Oh girl, oh girl, oh girl tell me why can't you be true? (Can't be true)
The way you treat me it just isn't fair.
You make it so plain you just don't care.
You have a ball around my time.
Sleepless nights are getting me tired.
Girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue?
I'm askin' you girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue? Baby
Girl, girl, girl why you wanna make me blue?

// Don't Look Back //

If it's love that you're running from, there's no hiding place.
(You can't run it, you can't hide it, you can't run it)
Love has problems I know but there problems, we'll just have to face.
Oh yeah, yeah.

If you just put your hand in mine,
We're gonna leave all our troubles behind.
We're gonna walk and don't look back. (Don't look back)
And don't look back. Oh yeah, yeah.
And don't look back, baby. (Don't look back)
(The places behind you let them re-remind you.)

If your first lover broke your heart,
There's something that can be done.
(You don't run it, you don't hide it, you don't run it)
Don't end your faith in love because of what he's done.

So if you just put your hand in mine,
We're gonna leave all our troubles behind.
Keep on walking and don't look back.
Forget about the past now.
Don't look back, baby.
Keep on walking and don't look back. Hmmm
(The places behind you let them re-remind you.)

[Instrumental]

Love can be a beautiful thing.
Though your first love let you down.
Oh yeah, yeah
'Cause I know we can make love bloom, baby.
The second time around.
Oh yeah, yeah

So if you just put your hand in mine,
We're gonna leave all our troubles behind.
Keep on pushing and don't look back.
Now, till I say, we won't look back, girl.
Keep on walking and won't look back.
Forget about the past now, baby.
And don't look back.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, don't look back.

// I Gotta Know Now //

right now we're sittin' on top of tha' world (alright)
just me and you girl (girl)
everything is goin' our way (alright)
but I know there's gonna come a day
when you gonna meet somebody new (oh yeah)
he'll tell you that his love is true (oh yeah)
will you remember I'm your man
when he's holding your hand
and I love you so
and I, (I), I, (I), I gotta know

if his words are sweet and tender
will your heart surrender (i gotta know now - yeah right now)
if he bought you silks and lace
would he soon take my place (i gotta know now - yeah right now)
I'm not puttin' our love to a test (oh yeah)
I just wanna do what's best (oh yeah)
either you will or you won't
say you do or you don't
'cause I love you so and I, (I) I, (I), I've gotta know (baby)

(one more thing)

when I'm old and gray
will you love me the same way (i gotta know now - yeah right now)
when our chips are down
will you still be around (i gotta know now - yeah right now)
no need in carrying on (oh yeah)
if our love will soon be gone (oh yeah)
will you turn and go
knowing I need you so
tell me tha' truth
'cause I (I) I (I) I've gotta know

// Born To Love You //

[Eddie:]
Girl, as you walk by... I breathe a sigh.
And deep inside I knew it had to be.
This little girl is mine.
And for a little while I heard a strange rhapsody.
Hmmm

So lovely and so fair. (Fair)
I knew right then and there. (There)
That you were made for me.
And it wasn't hard to see.
I guess I was born to love you. (Born to love you)
Born to love you. (Born to love you)
Hmmm (Born to love you)

(Honey I, I was born to love you. Give my love to no one but you.)

[David:]
Here stands a man, with his future in your hands.
Don't let go. (Don't let go)
Don't let go. (Don't let go)
Baby, don't let her go. (Don't let go)
Please (Don't let go)

[Eddie:]
You better come on and take my hand.
'Cause I don't understand, this crazy feeling in my soul.
But I know that I would rather die, then let this feeling go.

Now girl can't you see (See)
That this was meant to be. (Be)
It's funny but it's true.
I guess I was just born to love you. (Born to love you)

[David:]
Darling... (Born to love you)
Darling I... (Born to love you)
I was born... (Born to love you)
Born to love only you. (Born to love you)

Why don't you believe... (Born to love you)
Believe what I tell you, baby (Born to love you)
I was born to love only you. (Born to love you)
(Born to love you)

[Eddie:]
Darling... (Born to love you)
I... (Born to love you)
Oh, our love is true. (Born to love you)

// I'll Be In Trouble //

If you decide to make me blue, I'll be in trouble.
If you decide to be untrue, I'll be in trouble.
'Cause no matter what you do or say, I know I'm gonna love you anyway.
So if that's what you wanna do, I'll be in trouble.

If you decide one day you want to make a change, love.
You want to leave me here and love a total stranger.
Well, no matter what you do or say, I know I'm gonna love you anyway.
So if that's what you wanna do, I'll be in danger.

I'll do everything I can to make you stay.
Keep you by my side. (By my side)
'Cause I love you in such a way.
Melvin:Your leaving would hurt my pride. (?)

If you decide you want to go, I'll be in trouble.
I can't prepare myself and soul, I'll be in trouble.
So no matter what you do or say, I know I'm gonna love you anyway.
So I just want you to know, I'll be in trouble.
Oh, yeah.

[Instrumental]

If you decide you want to go, I'll be in trouble.
I can't prepare myself and soul, I'll be in trouble.
So no matter what you do or say, I know I'm gonna love you anyway.
So I just want you to know, I'll be in trouble.

I'll be in trouble. (So much trouble)
If you ever leave me, baby. (I'll be in trouble)
If you deceive me. (So much trouble)
I must confess. (I'll be in trouble)
My life will be a mess. (So much trouble)
I'll be in trouble, baby. (I'll be in trouble)
So much trouble. (So much trouble)
Hmmm, everyday, trouble. (I'll be in trouble)
And everyway, so much trouble. (So much trouble)
Hmmm, baby. (I'll be in trouble)
So much trouble. (So much trouble)

// You're The One I Need //

Love somebody sweet
Love somebody fine
Love somebody
Who won't leave you behind
That's what your mind says oh, oh
But that's a warning that you just can't heed
'Cause when you love somebody
No matter who and that's the one you need
Come on and
Love somebody strong
Don't love nobody weak
Don't love nobody wrong yeah
Don't love nobody meek

That's what your mind say oh, oh
But that's a warning that you just can't heed
'Cause when you love somebody
No matter who an a that's the one you need

Get someone faithful, baby
Get someone true
That's good advice
But the one I need is you

Need your loving baby
Need your love indeed
I, I need your loving baby
You're the one I need

