Album: BetweenTheBuriedAndMe

// More Of Myself To Kill //

You have all wept once more... why? I would never ask for such. Go
I have realized for once in my existence my true happiness
This is a first time for me... I feel innocent, caring, and non-threatening
Reincarnation for a better life... becoming one with true harmony
No gods have caressed or burned me, only nature is willing to comfort me
Salvation is dead and all of you have passed away with me today
I will never have to entertain or please any of you ever again
I am alive. My memory is the only thing keeping the old tears in my eyes
I still know that all of you are taking for the sake of not leaving
You are killing the innocent for your so-called nutrition
You are infecting our lands with your filth
You are killing for the sake of your promotions in life
One day we will all be in this soil... with no gods to slave to, and no heroes to kill for

// Arsonist //

Compassion no more, the angel sleeps in her blood
Guilt will ruin... you rest no more
I will always watch... until the last church is burned, until the guilty drown in blood, until your preachers of filth cease to be
Everyday I hope...I hope that your end will bring a better day
Fuck your god, your god of shit. Our sin will send the death we wish upon you
For the families you've broken, for the lies you have ruined, we burn the last of you down
"Now you will receive us. We do not ask for your poor, or for your hungry
We don't want your tired and sick
It is your corrupt we claim. It is your evil that will be sought by us
With every breath we shall hunt them down everyday
We will spill their blood till it bleeds down from the sky."
Now you will receive us, receive the arsonist

// Aspirations //

Untried and untested
One fits nowhere but here in anonymity
There is no birthright – no innate guidance
No direction or destination is handed down

Shackles are the one thing free for all
Shackles are the one thing free for all
(Are the) Shackles are (the one thing) free for all
(Are the) Shackles are (the one thing) free for all

Dead ends and dead lives around here
And failure obscures all but the immediate
Sweet dreams fall from reach here
Fade from existence – fade from sight
They merge with the black in decay and neglect

Fade from the sight
Fade from sight merge
Merge with decay
Decay and neglect

The surroundings here are sparse and desolate
And life here is grief
And life here is grief
But the path leading here is short and simple
It is so like these aspirations
But the path leading here is short and simple
It is so like these aspirations
But the path leading here is short and simple
It is so like these aspirations
But the path leading here is short and simple
It is so like these aspirations

There's a better way
That we've made
We can all make this change
There's a better way

There's a better way
That we have made
We can all make this change
There's a better way

Better ways and better times are bitter memories
Better ways and better times are bitter memories
Lost lives live here without inspiration or desire
Here is the lowest of places
But do not despair
But do not despair

// What We Have Become //

Is this justifiable, this is life we lead. Blind stares at what we call humanity
So afraid to face what has already become of us. The dark cloud passed lifetimes ago
The "saints" drink the blood of their own. Your pathetic prayers mean nothing for
Our mother is already dead. She tried her best but the dirt choked her
We raped her, and laughed as we fucked her last chance of survival
I sleep on her tears. They keep me awake. I fear that closing my eyes might end me
But what am I? I'm just a worthless member of a twisted language
We all speak this twisted language. Is this justifiable?
We have raped her, and we are pleasured from this
Thinking this progress... progress stopped lifetimes ago
We are raping with this life we lead. Everything is all right
Lies-the twisted language we all breathe

// Fire For A Dry Mouth //

Your piss is going sour... my mouth is full for the last time
Don't think I don't read the gossip, don't think I don't know what's coming out of your fucking mouth
You're broken, and I'm laughing, you're broken-go drink your life away
Go fuck your life away with your filthy std's and your fucking night of rape
Just go jerk off on your fucking stomach, impregnate yourself
You're born again, just like you've always been
Every fucking year... this year you abort yourself-get the fuck out of my life
Never come back, I don't ever need you around
What we shared means shit to you. Laugh at me all you want, but I'm living what you once wanted
And I'm happy... happy to be alive with real friend who don't spit in my face
Real friends don't end friendship with change
It's really hard to realize that you've stooped so low
I've given chances, I've tried to mend... but it's all over now, I move on
I piss in your mouth now, so don't ever talk to me again
Tonight I will sleep well. Tonight I realize that I will move on
Tonight I hope your bed catches flame
Tonight I kill your fucking face
I killed your face

// Naked By The Computer //

Those fists won't reach where she lays tonight
Your little star in the sky just fell
For every minute she spent in your heaven, was just a minute more in her hell
Away from this world is her place in this world
Where the sun's rising doesn't bring with it pain
You have lost her now... she has forgotten you now
Her nightmares and secrets washed away
The past won't escape with your tears forever encased in hollowed out soul
And that day when the smoke finally clears... your dark, empty life will be the only one you know
This picture of her, dead in your arms, will hang from the nail that she drove through your heart
Your little star in the sky just fell

// Use Of A Weapon //

In your city built with concrete and lies
We have slaved away so lifeless
With every breath a compromise
So sickened by your process and our pain
Plague by the fear of a tomorrow, another day in vein, we can throw all this away
Trading our sorrow for sin. We can throw all this away
For too long we have starred. For too long we have fucking stayed so blind to every instinct as you paved the way
So tomorrow we will take back every year you stole from us, and every night silently desperate and hopeless
Every dream never realized, and every tear shed from these eyes
We will sin and you will suffer. We will set fire to your machines
We will put life back into hearts and you will suffer
We will run life through our veins and you will suffer
Passion will be found in time, and your world will fall behind us
Under your dark polluted skies, we may live as the damned
But our essence and soul and freedom will unfold
And only in death shall we see the end
For as long as the light of the sun still dances across every sea
We will know there is something to live and die for, and we will know every breath to be free

// Shevanel Cut A Flip //

Dream of me... we can live how we want now... this world has no boundaries. We shall never wake up.
Let's kill them all, let's torch the world. This is for us.
Let's meet them for the first time... this isn't awkward, is it?
It can't be... there are no worries... all we have to do is cut the switch... wake the fuck up... this is all I've ever dreamed...

This dream is all I've ever wanted, cared for, I only hope things haven't changed when I awake...
life doesn't work like this... once a night my life is "yours to create"...
mold me and make me the child of the night, with all the ambition in the world...

My hate and worries cease to be... my fucked up little head controls me... "dream is destiny"... wake the fuck up...

I kill, I love, I end nightmares, I begin romances, I travel through sexual situations,
I only hope to never wake... I only hope, cause the exterior world is not making sense anymore...
I tend to get scared... wake the fuck up... no...
"Whatever you do, don't be bored. This is absolutely the most exciting time we could have possibly hoped to be alive.
And things are just starting"... make this dream reality... love you...

"And if the world that we're forced to see, if it's false - and nothing is true, then make this dream real!"

"And if the world that we're forced (forced to see) if it's - if it's false,
and nothing is true (nothing is true!) then make (stop holding) we'll make this dream, we'll make it real!"

