Album: GraffitiBridge

// Can't Stop This Feeling I Got //

Dear Dad,
Things didn't turn out quite like I wanted them 2
Sometimes I feel like I'm gonna explode

Everybody wanna see u down 4 the count
But that ain't what being a real man's about
The brave and the bold hang around 4 the kill
So the bigger the hole, the bigger we fill it (fill it!)
They can hit us with all they got
But cha know what?
What?

I can't stop this feeling I got
I feel it right down 2 my toes
I can't stop this feeling I got
My body got 2 have it u know
I can't stop this feeling I got
I'll write a letter to the whole world
I can't stop this feeling I got
Every man, woman, boy and girl

Can't stop this feeling I got, I can't stop this feeling I got
I can't stop this feeling I got, I can't stop this feeling I got

I can't stop this feeling I got
U know I can't sleep at night
I can't stop, u know I love it a lot,
I'm talking about an everlasting light.
I can't stop this feeling I got
I get to shaking all in my shoes
I can't stop this feeling I got
The doctor say there's nothing that he can do

Can't stop this feeling I got, can't stop this feeling I got
I can't stop this feeling I got, can't stop this feeling I got
Keep on singing now

Can't stop. try 2 tell me how 2 paint my palace,
That ain't where it's at,
That's like trying 2 tell Columbus that the world is flat.
If the song we're singing truely is the best
Then that my brothers is the ultimate test
All in favor say Aye.
We can change anything at all.

I, I, I can't stop. can't stop.
I'm in a butt kicking mood tonight ya'll
Can't stop. can't stop.
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
Can't stop this feeling I got
(no, no, no, no)
Feeling, feeling, feeling, hey!
Hey, pardon me 4 living, (pardon me 4 living)
But this is my world, (this is my world)
U can't make me change (u can't make me change)
Maybe we all got to rearrange (rearrange)
Our brains (our brains)

Yeah. Only we can change the world
Only we can change the world
Only we can change the world

1, 2, 1, 2, 3
I can't stop this feeling I got
I can't stop this feeling I got
I can't stop this feeling I got
Feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, yeah!
Yeah!

// New Power Generation //

Lay down your funky weapon.
Yeah y'all, here we go
Pumpin' the big noise in the 90's.

Pardon me 4 living, but this is my world 2
I can't help that what's cool to us might be strange to u
Pardon me 4 breathing, can we borrow some of your air?
The problem with u and your kind is that u don't know love is there

Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting 4.
We r the new power generation, we want 2 change the world.
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas,
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.

Pardon me 4 thinking, but there's something under my hair
I bet u thought the lights were on but noone's living there
U think that if u tell enough lies they will see the truth?
I hope they bury your old ideas the same time they bury u

Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting 4.
We r the new power generation, we want 2 change the world.
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas,
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.

We r the new, We r the new, We r the new,
Making love and music
New power, we stand

Pardon us for caring, we didn't know it was against the rules (shout it out)
If we only want to love one another
Then tell me now who's the fool (tell me, tell me)
No father, no mother, no sister, no brother, nobody can make me stop
Said if u didn't come 2 party child, I think u better get up offa my block.

Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting 4.
We r the new power generation, we want 2 change the world.
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas,
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.
Why don't u just be happy, baby.

[chorus repeated with this sung over it]
Go on and get up offa my block
Get up offa my block, because
Love is there if you'd just open up 2 it.
If you'd just believe your whole world would change

New power generation, you've got to rearrange. We've got
We r the new power generation, you've gotta give up all the fight
We gotta try 2 love one another, baby. we r the new power generation
We r the new power generation.
We r the new power generation.

// Release It //

Yo Stella, if u think I'm afraid of u
Grace, if u so much as think I can't do the do
Girl, if u dream I came to jerk around
U better wake up and release it

Party people in the crib get hyped.
Let's get this party funking right, come on, yeah, come on
Release it, listen 2 me now, release it yeah.
Come, come, come on, release it

Who's crib is this? My crib.
Who's wine u drinking? Mine.
Who asked your ugly ass what time it was? Nobody.
Cuz we doing fine.
Take it all off. Bass. I need the funk in my face
I can't stand tight asses in my place
Let's get hyped y'all. Release it.

(yeah) release it.
(yeah) what time it is? Band.
It's time to get sleazy up in here
Mary Sweet Mother Jesus
Fuck that talk Morris

Oh stella, I know u came alone
'cause ain't just any man qualified 2 take u home
Me? No I'm not a man. Jerome? He's an adventure.
Oh! Somebody slap me.
I don't know. Party people in the crib get hyped. (yeah)
Party people in the crib get hyped. (yeah)
Release it. Yes.
(yeah) Release it. (yeah)

Jerome? Yo.
When this solo's through, Jerome? Morris?
Find me a stella to rap 2. Yes. (yeah) (yeah)

Who's beat is this? My beat.
Who's horns are these blowing? Mine.
Who asked your dumb ass how to catch a groove? Nobody.
Cuz we doing the do. Jerome. Yes?
Who's Stella is this? My stella.
Who's Stella is this? My stella.
Then what's she doing over here with me? Umm.
Then what's she doing over here with me? Umm.
Who told u that women like men with no money?
Release it, boy. Go on stella, dance.
Say man, back up, give me some room.
Dance, shake it like a peckerwood.
Release it.

Over and over and over and over and over and over
Your girlfriends told u that I'm the rover
But I'm here to scold ya that if u live alone
Then we can bone. Give me a number 2 phone. you groan.
And I am so, if u say no, instead of crying, I'll keep trying,
Until you're dying to have me 4 your own.
So peep stella, peep stella,
If u think that I'm afraid of u, (do it MD)
If u think that I'm afraid of u, (rap 2 her)
If u think that I can't do the do (yeah papa)
If u think that I can't do the do
If u think I came 2 jerk around (don't say it)
U better wake up stella, (wake up) this is my town

Release it. Man, let them drums kick.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Let's do it. yo. Release it. (yeah)
Motherfucker, get your ass out of my way
(yeah) (yeah) Release it. (yeah) (yeah). Release it. (yeah) (yeah) Release it.

// The Question Of U //

So what is the answer 2 the question of u
What do I look 4, what shall I do?
Which way do I turn when I'm feeling lost?
If I sell my soul, now what will it cost?
Must I become naked? No image at all?
Shall I remain upright? Or get down and crawl?

All of the questions in my life will be answered
When I decide which road 2 choose
What is the answer 2 the question of u?

U.

// Elephants And Flowers //

Boy is lonely on a burning hot summer night
He's looking 4 some action, he's looking 4 a fight
He's looking 4 a saviour in a city full of fools
Maybe he just needs a good talker to give him a good talking 2.
Can we talk baby? Strip down, strip down.
I think I'm gonna fall in love tonight.

Elephants and flowers, hot sweaty light paints a picture red and gold
On a crowd of naked bodies stripped down to their very souls
How can he find a shy angel in a city so bold (so bold)
He can't even find a place 2 dance, this is rock and roll.
Strip down, strip down, elephants and flowers
Is everybody ready? Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (love) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (what?) elephants and flowers (what will he do?)
The one who will listen when all others will not.
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.

Elephants and flowers. Strip down. Think I'm gonna fall in love tonight.
When I do, there won't be no more (confusion)
There won't be no more (no tears)
There won't be no more enemies, so that eliminates all the fear
And there won't be no sorrow, (sorrow)
There won't be no pain, (no pain)
There won't be no ball and no chain
Strip down, strip down. Elephants and flowers.

Boy is lonely on a burning hot summer night
He's looking 4 an angel to hold him 'til the morning light
Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (well) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (everything) elephants and flowers (oh, yeah)
The one who will listen when all others will not. (all others will not)
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.
Here we go.

Love the one who is love, (love) the one who gives us the power, (power)
The one who made everything, (what?) elephants and flowers (what will he do?)
The one who will listen when all others will not.
There will be peace 4 those who love god a lot.

// Round And Round //

Oh yeah
Round and round and round
Round, round
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh yeah

Can u tell me where we're going 2?
Can u tell me what it is we really want 2 find?
Is the truth really there? Or is it right under our hair?
4 all we know it's been there all the time.

I say, nothing comes from dreamers but dreams
I say, sitting idle in our boat while everyone else is down the stream
Nothing comes from talkers but sound
We can talk all we want 2, but the world still goes around and round.
Round and round. We go round and round and round.
And what we're looking 4 still isn't found

Can u tell me when we gonna get 2 it.
I'm tired of fooling around I said I wanna do it. (go 4 it, get 2 it)
I learned my lesson young, I said if want to have fun (go 4 it)
And when u win say, "I knew it" (go 4 it, get 2 it)

Nothing comes from dreamers but dreams
I say, sitting idle in our boat while everyone else is down the stream
Nothing comes from talkers but sound
We can talk all we want 2, but the world still goes around and round.
Round, round, round, round, round, round
Round and round (get get get get 2 it, go 4 it, get 2 it)
We go round and round and round.
And what we're looking 4 still isn't found

1 day I'll make it in the big city
And I'll be looking 4 a girl who's pretty
1 day I'll make a play and she will say ok
'cause I plan 2 be a cool kitty

Round and Round.
I say, nothing comes from dreamers but dreams
I say, sitting idle in our boat while everyone else is down the stream
Nothing comes from talkers but sound
We can talk all we want 2, but the world still goes around and round.
Round and round. We go round and round and round.
And what we're looking 4 still isn't found
Round and round we go. Round and round we go.
Round and round and round and round and round and round we go.
Round and round, round and round,
Round and round we go, round and round we go
Round and round.

// We Can Funk //

Jump 'em and funk 'em, pump 'em and funk 'em
We can funk

I'm testing postive 4 the funk
I'll gladly pee in anybody's cup
And when your cup overflow I'll pee some more

I could tell u stories 'til u get tired.
I could play with your mind.
But u'd probably say that I was a liar
So I won't waste your time

I'm scared 'cause though we just met there's this energy between us,
Let's just go somewhere, we can funk

I'm testing postive 4 the funk
I'll gladly (we can funk) pee in anybody's cup
And when your cup overflow
I'm testing (we can funk) positive and I'll pee some more

Bump 'em and funk 'em, jump 'em and funk 'em,
Pump 'em and funk 'em, pump 'em and funk 'em

Every time I could, I would compilment u on the things,
The things that u be, honey doll, we should make the real noise, just u and me

I could tell u things 2 get u excited, things u never heard
U know the Kama Sutra? I could re-write it with half as many words

But I'm scared, 'cause if I don't kiss ya, I'm gonna go mad baby
Take off my clothes. We can funk

I'm testing postive 4 the funk
I'll gladly pee in anybody's cup
And may your cup overflow I'll pee some more
We can funk
We can funk
We can funk

Wait a minute. Let me turn on some lights. we can funk.
Yeah, come here.
U can blow the candle off baby. (candle)
U can turn the candle on.
Which ever one u choose is alright,
'cause we're going 2 do it all night long
(Sex) Sex between 2 people is alright
If all the love in the world is what they got
As long as they're not trying 2 hurt nobody
Just as long as it's hot
Good lord, baby, I wanna make love 2 u 2 times maybe 3
Yeah, if u want 2 go 4 or 5, baby that's alright with me
Listen, I said I will be your little baby
Yeah, I can be your big strong man
I can be your girl or boy, I can be your toy
Alright, let's dance.
It's up 2 u can funk me baby. I'll funk u. We can funk one another.
Whatever u want 2 do.

[verse echoed slightly off time]
U got electric ass baby
U got electric thighs baby
I can't wait no longer child
It's getting stronger, baby
Open up your eyes

See this gold chain around my waist
I want to give it 2 u
Yeah, people tell me I got no taste
Then blow the candle out, let's see if it's true

We be funkin' over here, and over there ain't shit
We be funkin' over here, and over there ain't shit

// Joy In Repetition //

[crowd noise same as for "Alphabet Street"]

He like to frequent this club down up on 36th
Pimps and thangs like 2 hang outside and cuss for kicks

Talking 2 no one in particular, they say "the baddest I am tonight"
4 letter words are seldom heard with such dignity and bite.
All the poets and the part time singers always hang inside
Live music from a band plays a song called "Soul Psychodelicide".
The song's a year long and had been playing 4 months when he
Walked into the place.
No one seemed to care, an introverted this-is-it look on most of their faces.
Up on the mic repeating 2 words, over and over again
Was this woman he had never noticed before he lost himself in the
Articulated manner in which she said them.
These 2 words, a little bit behind the beat.
I mean just enough 2 turn u on.
4 everytime she said the words another one of his doubts were gone.

Should he try 2 rap with her? Should he stand and stare?
No one else was watching her, she didn't seem 2 care.
So over and over, she said the words til he could take no more, (no more)
He dragged her from the stage and together they ran through the back door
In the alley over by the curb he said tell me what's your name
She only said the words again and it started to rain (rain, rain, rain)
2 words falling between the drops and the moans of his condition
Holding someone is truly believing there's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
She said love me, love me, what she say?
She say love me, love me.
Joy, why don't u love me baby, joy, why can't u love me baby
Joy, come on and love me baby, joy in repetition
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy, all my wishes add up to one
Love me, joy, Love me, joy, Love me, joy
Love me, Love me, joy, joy, joy in repetition
Joy, joy in repetition,
Joy, joy (love me) in repetition,
Love me, love, joy, joy, joy in repetition
Joy, and I'm gonna say it again, joy, joy, and I'm gonna say it again,
Joy, I'd like 2 go way up high and say, Love me, joy
I'll say Love me, joy
Joy, joy in repetition, joy in repetition
There's joy in repetition

// Love Machine //

Love machine, yeah. Hey, yeah.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Don't lie, u want some love that will make u cry
17 tongues licking from the neck down moving in a quickspeed circular motion
Round and round, I said it round and round,
Like u like it, I can lick it like u like it.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Love machine. Don't bathe.
The love machine cleanses with a little faith
Like a car wash spitting out soap and oil
There ain't never been a cleaner girl in the whole wide world
Turning in your body's, psyche, dial a perfume that u like,
The love machine will put it on u right.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out (think I don't)
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout
The love machine will take your body higher
'cause if it don't then I know u're a liar

Hey yeah, What time it is, love machine
Love machine, what time it is, love machine
Fast or slow like a Leslie goes
If u want I can give u complete control
Over your climax and over mine,
The harder u come, the longer the time, (time)
The longer the time, (higher) the longer the time,
The longer the time, the longer the time, the longer the time it takes
Love machine, the love machine.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah

Shall we say we're in Paris? (I don't know)
Shall we say we're in Rome? (We could.)
Shall we imagine a menage-a-trois? (I'm too young.)
Shall we imagine we're alone? (What can I say 2 that?)
Shall we dream of each other naked? (Shit.)
Shall we get undressed right here? (I don't know.) (love machine)
Shall we do this thing by the books? (What are u doing 2 me?)
Shall we give in 2 our biggest fears? (the love machine) (Are u afraid?)
Are u going 2 dance with me? (higher) (Yes.) (love machine)
Are u going 2 going to let me spin u around? (I might.)
Are u going 2 kiss me quietly? (Can't u hear me?)
Are u going 2 make love with sound? (the love machine, higher love machine)
(Isn't that the way it's done?)
Are u playing the part of a shadow? (I am not.)
Or are your inhibitions gone? (They are.)
Are u afraid of the love machine? (love machine) (Hell no)
Or will u let it drink u till dawn, drink u till dawn.

I've got the toys, 2 turn your body out
I've got the noise, 2 make u scream and shout (the love machine)
Love machine

// Tick Tick Bang //

Ooh, I can't hold it
Ow! Bang, b-b-bang, bang
Bang.

U, yeah.
U're such a big tease, u get me all excited,
All excited then u go home.
U're like ice cream,
Knew I got 2 getcha, got 2 getcha, before u're all gone.

U're such a bombshell,
And if I ever get ya, ever get ya, ever get ya,
There's no telling how long I'd last
Before I tick, tick bang all over u
Tick, tick-a-tick, bang, bang all over u
Tick, tick-a-tick, bang, bang, bang, tick, bang, bang

U Ain't no cheap thrill,
Every time u tick I'd rather u bang,
But u leave me in a fire sweat (leave me in a fire sweat)
U're like a good pill
All I need is 2, and I'm so into u, u're the best stuff that I could get.

U're such a bombshell
If I ever get ya, ever get ya, ever get ya,
There's no telling how long I'd last.
Before I tick, tick, bang, all over u
All over u, tick, all over u, tick, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang

Ooh, I can't hold it. Ooh, it's getting all over me.
Ooh, I can't hold it. Ooh, it's getting all over me.

U're such a queen bee
Let me taste your honey, taste your honey, taste your honey, 4 it go bad
You're so slippery
Like this chain around my hip, I want a 24k relationship.
So baby don't spit me out, tick, tick, bang, all over u.
Tick, tick-a-tick, bang
Ooh, I can't hold it. Ooh, it's getting all over me.

U're such a bombshell
If I ever get ya, ever get ya, ever get ya,
There's no telling how long I'd last.
Before I tick, tick-a-tick, bang, bang, bang, bang, all over u
All over u, bang, all over u, tick, tick, bang, all over u
Tick, tick, bang, all over u. tick, tick, bang, all over u
All over, bang, all over, bang, all over, tick, bang

// Shake //

Shake!

Hey, hey people what u come here 4?
Come on everybody, let's get out on the floor.
All the pretty girls shaking what they got
The boys swear to god that they're all 2 hot

Everybody shake.
U got to shake something. My lord.
Shake! U got 2 shake something.

Come on pretty baby now don't be shy.
New liberated girl, ask a guy
We can go dancing baby every night
Shake! Shake, shake shake! Shake!
But u got 2 shake your body 'til the early, early light.

Everybody shake. (Shake, shake, shake)
U got 2 shake something. My lord.
Shake! (shake,shake,shake)
U got 2 shake something
Sing with me now...

Lucy's standing there with the false hair on
Don't shake it 2 hard or that hair will be gone (oops)
Marilyn's so worried about her 2 left feet
Pretty thing keeps worrying about keeping on her feet

That don't matter y'all, come on
Shake! Oh lord. U got 2 shake something.
Everybody shake. (shake, shake, shake)
U got 2 shake something. (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Shake! Come on y'all. U got 2 shake something.
Shake! (shake, shake, shake)

Every-everybody.
Hey, hey, people what u come here 4? We want to shake something.
Come on everybody let's get out on the floor. Gotta shake something.
U shake it 2 the north, u can shake it 2 the south. Gotta shake something.
(somebody help me with this)
Shake! If u come 2 party now open up your mouth. Gotta shake something.
Come on, oh yeah. yeah.
Shake! Shake. U gotta shake something.
Oh don't stop. Oh. Shake! (shake, shake, shake)
Shake! (shake on it... for me)
Shake!
U're hired. Let's go. Shake! Shake!
Got to shake something.

// Thieves In The Temple //

Love come quick
Love come in a hurry
There are thieves in the temple tonight

They don't care where they kick
Just as long as they hurt u
There are thieves in the temple tonight

Love if u're there come save me
From all this cold despair
I can hang when u're around
But I'll surely die
If u're not there

Love come quick
Love come in a hurry
There are thieves in the temple tonight

I feel like I'm looking for my soul (Soul)
Like a poor man looking for gold (Gold)
There are thieves in the temple tonight

Voices from the sky say rely on your best friend to pull u through
But even if I wanted 2 I couldn't really truely 'cause my only friend is u

Come on

There are thieves in the temple tonight

Kicking me in my heart, tearing me all apart
(Tearing me, tearing me, tearing me all apart)
'Cause me and u could have been a work of art
Thieves in the temple

Baby don't u know I'm holding on
The best that I can
Love please help me be
The better man

Better than the thieves in the temple
In the temple tonight

Oh, thieves in the temple (Tonight) tonight
Hurt me

Love come quick
Love come in a hurry
There are thieves in the temple tonight

Thieves in the temple

U said u loved me! (Thieves in the temple)
U said I was your friend! (Thieves in the temple)
U were supposed to take care of me! (Love come quick) {Thieves in the temple}
U lie! Love come (Lie!) in a hurry (Lie!)

Thieves in the temple tonight

// The Latest Fashion //

Fellas? Yeah! Hit Me!
R we ready? I do believe we R ready!
What time is it? Yount! It's killing time, Morris!
I know that's right, 'cause I am the latest fashion
(Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris,
Yount, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris,
Go Morris, Go Morris)

I know I said I loved U
I know I said I needed U
I know I said that I'd B here always
But I what I didn't tell U is that
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

People tell us what we want 2 hear
(time) this time the tables R turned
This time we're the ones that's painting fires
Instead of getting burned (yount)

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)
Jellybean, (Go Morris) dont be so mean, (Go Morris)
Cowboy. Heh heh, you're fired!
Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam!

People tell me what I want to hear
This time the tables R turned
Jerome, body language

{Go Morris chanted 16 times over}
Now do the horse (yeah)
Oak Tree! (look out)
I like that, Oak Tree!
Get ready, Chili sauce!

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion

Fellas? (yeah) hit me, but dontcha lag
Tell me what dance to do...it starts with an M ... (Murph Drag)

I aint thru yet...band!
Whaa...hallelujah...whoa whoa whoa whoa

Everybody wanna tell me how to play the game
When I run it better than a madame runs dames
Trying to beat me like playing pool with a rope
My funk will leave ya dead cause it's good and plenty dope
All in all I'm still the king and all y'all the court
If you thinking about ruling me ya better get abortions, yes!
Its jacked, cause I'm back, and I'm harder than a heart attack
And I'm the cure for any disease cause there ain't nobody funky like me!

(Go Morris go Morris go Morris)
Don't be a fool
(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris)

This year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion
The latest fashion

// Melody Cool //

I've seen a many bridges in my time and crossed every one of 'em
With no trouble at all (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I had trials and tribulations, heartaches and pains (well that's alright)
Survived 'em all baby (uh huh, say it, say it!)
Hmph, I'm still Melody, and I'm still Cool
Melody Cool...

They call me Melody Cool (Melody, Melody)
I was here long before U (Melody, Melody)
If U're good I will love ya, (Melody) but I'm nobody's fool (Melody)
I'm Melody Cool

When I was born there were tidal waves (Melody, Melody)
Whole town went under nobody saved (Melody, Melody)
At every funeral it rained every time I sang
Melody Cool

I have been here much longer, (Melody) longer than U (Melody)
I'm Melody Cool

Well now, everybody runnin' 'round talkin' 'bout saving souls
When they know good and plenty well they got enough trouble
Trying to save their own
(alright, say it, say it girl)

(Melody...Melody...Melody)

Go on, go on.
Every woman and every man (Melody)
One day they just got to understand (Melody)
That if we play in the same key everything will be
Melody Cool

(Melody, Melody, Melody, Melody)
What's your name? (Melody, Melody)
New power wave your hand, everybody sing out across the land
Say hey hey hey (hey hey hey)
Say hey hey hey (hey hey hey)
Everybody say hey hey hey (hey hey hey)

They call me Melody Cool (Melody, Melody, Melody)

Looka here young un
Let me give U a piece of good advice, (Melody)
And I do get paid for counseling
It ain't no big I's and little U's in my life
So that's why U see they call me Melody Cool (Melody, Melody Cool, Melody)
I was here long before U (Melody, long before u)
If U're good (Melody) i will love U but I'm nobody's fool (Melody)
I'm Melody Cool
(Melody, Melody Cool, Melody... long before U)

// Still Would Stand All Time //

It's just around the corner, it's just around the block
Vthis love that I've been waiting for, a Love solid as rock
A Love that reaffirms that we R not alone
A Love so bright inside U it glows
And night and day would run together, and all things would b fine
Still would stand all hate around us
Still would stand all time
Still would stand all time

It's not a thousand years away, it's not that far my brother
When men will fight injustice instead of one another
Its not that far if we all say yes and only try
Then Heaven on Earth we will find

(all time)
(still, still would stand all time)

No one man will be ruler, therefore love must rule us all
Dishonesty, anger, fear, jealousy and greed will fall
Love can save us all

Oh, love, Love, oh Love if U would just please give us a sign
Still would stand all time
Heaven, heaven on Earth we all want 2 find (we all want 2 find it)
Still (still) would stand all time

We R not alone people (we're not alone)
Tell me can U see the light (can ya see the light)
If U just open your eyes (still would stand all time)
So much U will know, so much U will show
Love, Love, its not that far away if we all say yes and give it a try
(Got ta give it...a try...yes!) still would stand all time (I say still)
(so many times) so may times, I thought I could not make it
(still would stand all time)
Life was closing in I just knew, I just knew I couldn't take it
That's when Love opened it's arms, and if U dont go in child
Still would stand all time (still would stand all time)
U better run to the light, leave your past behind
All things will be fine
Still would stand all time

// Graffiti Bridge //

Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
Something 2 believe in, a reason 2 believe that there's a heaven above
Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
Everybody's looking 4
Everybody's looking 4
Eeverybody's looking 4 love

Everybody wants 2 find the perfect 1
Someone that makes u happy, someone that makes u laugh when u want 2 cry
Everybody wants to find the perfect 1
Everybody's looking 4
Everybody's looking 4
Everybody's looking 4 love

The love of a boy, the love of a girl
The love that comes from a warm heart in a cold cold world
Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
Something 2 believe in, a reason 2 believe that there's a heaven above
Everybody's looking 4
Everybody's looking 4
Everybody's looking 4 love

Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
(people throw away your arms of fire)
A bridge that leads
A bridge that leads them 2 a love they know is real
(let democracy take u higher)
Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
Everybody's looking 4 (if you believe)
Everybody's looking 4 (wave your hands)
Everybody's looking 4 love (on the power of love)

(Love is shining)

(everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge)
There's a future (sure, you're right) a future worth fighting 4
I'm a living witness
Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge
Ooo, everything's gonna be alright, alright, alright
Everybodys looking 4
Everybodys looking 4
Everybodys looking 4 love

There is a future (a future worth fighting 4)
Worth fighting 4
Yes it is, I know it is
Everything will be alright

Everybody wants 2 find Graffiti Bridge

// New Power Generation (Pt. II) //

Don't pick my apples, don't pick my peaches
(we r the new power generation)
Leave my tree alone...leave it alone...leave it alone
(we r the new power generation)
Don't u look at me
(we r the new power generation)
If you're sad and u know it and u think u want to blow it
Let your feelings out, love is there

Just go!

Kid! Yo Kid!
I got ta do this, I got the noise, I got ta do this
So pump the big noise, c'mon in the house...

This here rap's about the true confession
If ya listen close u 'bout to learn a lesson
U must know failure before success
Now this is the failure I must confess (well...)
I was hanging onto life trying deal with this
Playing the games, almost got dismissed
Cocaine was the thing that I took on
And nowhere was the place that I was going (preacher, cmon on)
I must tell the truth, I cannot lie
I was headed 4 the kill, steal, destroy, and die
Top 2 the bottom 2 bottom 2 top
Success is where I'm headed there ain't no doubt
Success is something that we all want
But the truth is what we need to reach our point
I had to give this message the so-called truth
I hope it's somthing in it that's there 4 u
{on top of:
Love to the left of me, love to the right
Come on make a noise, somebody
Party tonight! (oh yeah!)}
Like I told ya before, I'm a tell ya again
Success is something that's deep within
So remember the truth you cant go wrong
The flesh is weak and the spirit is strong
I know it to do this rap, and I know its right
'cause I did it in the name of Jesus Christ
(cmon somebody lets party tonite)
Party tonight! (oh yeah!)

You want me 2 what?? (shake!)
What? (shake! shake!)
Awww, right

The New Power Generation has just taken control

