Album: HereWeRest

// Alabama Pines //

I moved into this room, if you could call it that, a week ago.
I never do what I'm supposed to do.
I hardly even know my name anymore.
When no one calls it out, it kinda vanishes away.

I can't get to sleep at night. The parking lot's so loud and bright.
The A.C. hasn't worked in twenty years.
Probably never made a single person cold,
but I can't say the same for me. I've done it many times.

Somebody take me home through those Alabama pines.

You can't drive through Talladega on a weekend in October.
Head up north to Jacksonville. Cut around and over.
Watch your speed in Boiling Springs.
They ain't got a thing to do. They'll get you every time.

Somebody take me home through those Alabama pines.
Somebody take me home through those Alabama pines.

If we pass through on a Sunday, better make a stop at Wayne's.
It's the only open liquor store north, and I can't stand the pain
of being by myself without a little help
on a Sunday afternoon.

I needed that damn woman like a dream needs gasoline.
I tried to be some ancient kind of man,
one that's never seen the beauty in the world,
but I tried to chase it down... tried to make the whole thing mine.

Somebody take me home through those Alabama pines.
Somebody take me home through those Alabama pines.

I've been stuck here in this town, if you could call it that, a year or two.
I never do what I'm supposed to do.
I don't even need a name anymore.
When no one calls it out, it kinda vanishes away.

No one gives a damn about the things I give a damn about.
The liberties that we can't do without seem to disappear
like ghosts in the air.
When we don't even care, it truly vanishes away.

// Go It Alone //

Are you lonely tonight?
Are you out on the road?
I'm headed home to go it alone again.
Are you dreaming out loud?
Scared of the crowds?
I'm headed home to go it alone again.

It's realizing just how close you've come to death.
and rearranging accordingly.
I'm realizing what I've lost and what I've left
and taking it home to go it alone again.

Find me a place
With salt on the roads
I'll do what I'm told, and buy what I'm sold again.
She was enough
but that was never enough.
The wound that won't heal
is pain I can't feel again.

In real life these things don't happen much at all.
Too bad we all live the dream.
I'm realizing just how far I had to fall
and taking it home to go it alone again.

In real life these things don't happen much at all.
Too bad we all live the dream.
I'm realizing just how far I had to fall
and taking it home to go it alone again.

I'm taking it home to go it alone again.
Taking it home to go it alone again.

// We've Met //

We've met, I can tell you don't remember, I can see it your face, I should have never left this place,
We've met, before you were a Christian, before your eyes were blue, and all that gets you through

Do you know how long I've waited, do you know how long I waited, for you,

Dream big, that's what you used to tell me, before I went away, would you say the same today,
You knew, that I couldn't work the foundry and I couldn't play the fool and I wouldn't stay for you,

And the drunks all think I made it, and the girls all twist and shake it like they do,
All my playground fears have faded replaced with grown up nightmares that have come true

We've met in another motion picture with stain glass effigies, did it even look like me,
I bet this town is in your blood now but it didn't have to be, no it didn't have to be,

You know I thought I'd find the answers in the troubadour land dancers, brand new
Do you think I've learned my lesson, did I make a new impression on you

We've met, I can tell you don't remember, I can see it your face, I should have never left this place…

// Codeine //

If there's one thing I can't stand
It's this bar and this cover band
Trying to fake their way through 'Castles Made of Sand'.
That's one thing I can't stand.

If there's one thing I can't take
It's the sound that a woman makes
About five seconds after her heart begins to break.
That's one thing I can't take.

She should be home by now but she ain't.
I should've gone by now but I cain't.
One of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.
One of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.

Them eyes was big as stars
When I saw you behind the bar.
I guess that's the way to keep on smilin' where you are.
But girl them eyes was big as stars.

It sounds funny when you say my name.
It's like you're chewing on a foreign thing
And you won't get to sleep 'till dawn if it don't rain.
It sounds so funny when you say my name.

You oughta come home tonight but you won't.
I wish we knew how to fight but we don't.
One of your friends has taken you in and given you codeine.
One of your friends has taken you in and given you codeine.

Darlin' I'm not one to judge
But if I was then I'd say you don't look so good.
Got no answers of my own
But with you gone, this place looks bigger than it should.

If there's two things that I hate
It's having to cook and trying to date.
Busting ass all day to play 'hurry up and wait.
That's a few things that I hate.

If I call when I ain't drunk
This old boat'll still be sunk
'Cause one of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.
One of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.

One of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.
One of my friends has taken her in and given her codeine.

// Stopping By //

Driving to a baseball game on a Friday afternoon
Hotter than hell in Atlanta, Georgia.
I guess it's been fifteen years since I came through here
Probably should have called to warn you.

But I'm stopping by. I'm stopping by, Daddy.

How did your life turn out? Do you ever think about
a teenage girl in Chattanooga?
You ever tell your folks the truth?
That might've been the last of you.
Would've been a shame. We hardly knew ya.

Now I'm stopping by. I'm stopping by, Daddy.

I think the best of me's still standing in the doorway
Counting cars and counting days and counting years
I could say you made me go through life the hard way
But it might've been worse if you were here.

Looking through a picture book. There's one I think my momma took.
You couldn't have been much over twenty.
Shirtless in your cutoff jeans, you hand a lollipop to me.
I probably asked where you got the money.

A picture on another page. I recognize my eyes have aged.
I'd been alone for quite a while then.
Trying to get a match to burn. Waiting on a latch to turn.
I still have difficulty smiling.

But I'm stopping by. I'm stopping by, Daddy.

I think the best of me's still standing in the doorway.
Whatever's left is headed south on 85.
Passing families on vacation headed your way.
They look so happy and alive, and I'm stopping by, Daddy.

// Daisy Mae //

Lay down beside me
Close your eyes and feel the noonday sun.
These eyes, they remind me
Of a scared and simple doe before she runs.

John was a Baptist.
He feared the world could end at any time.
You and I are charged with this, to hold the essence of a kiss.
To take these broken plans and make them rhyme.

Daisy Mae, Daisy Mae this hasn't been your day.
Hasn't been your day.

Here, he never touched you.
Inside this house he never called your name.
So stay where I can see you, girl. We both know the outside world
Has changed and it will never be the same.

My hands, they are wicked.
My head and my heart are wicked, too.
All these things that I do wrong, If you weren't given fear so strong
I would not be good enough for you.

Daisy Mae, Daisy Mae, this hasn't been your day.

But I won't lay this pistol down
Until the sky falls to the ground.
Leave him there to call your name
Till man and land are both the same.

Daisy Mae, Daisy Mae, this hasn't been your day.
Daisy Mae, Daisy Mae, this hasn't been your day.
Hasn't been your day.

// Never Could Believe //

I knew this lady from Tennessee
Moved to California, didn't stay with me.
Just packed a bag and left with me passed out.
Never could believe a word that come from her mouth.

She told me once, drunk on wine.
She'd be beside me 'till the end of time.
But the end of time came early at my house.
Never could believe a word that come from her mouth.

There weren't no truth in a word that lil' girl said.
Only time she didn't lie to me was rolling in the big old bed.

She worked real hard every day
But old fame and fortune never came her way
It just slid on by like springtime in the south.
Never could believe a word that come from her mouth.

She came back home on a Trailways bus.
Stole a pack of Camels for the both of us.
She crawled right up to the front door of my house.
Never could believe a word that comes from her mouth.

There weren't no truth in a word that lil' girl said.
Only time she didn't lie to me was rolling in the big old bed.

I knew this lady from Tennessee
Moved to California, didn't stay with me.
Just packed a bag and left with me passed out.
I never could believe a word that come from her mouth.

// Heart On A String //

I was out there all alone.
I was searching for a friend.
You saw my need and you came along.
With that charm you took me in.

Then one night you captured my heart.
Turned the smoke into a flame.

I can't free my heart from you baby,
'Cause you keep it hanging on your string.
I can't free my heart from you baby,
'Cause you keep it hanging on your string.

That way of loving is my weakness.
You made me yours, body and soul.
My mind tells me I should leave you,
But my heart can't let me go.

You tied me down to you and you went away.
Turned all of my pleasure into pain.

I can't free my heart from you baby,
'Cause you keep it hanging on your string.
I can't free my heart from you baby,
'Cause you keep it hanging on your string.

Every time I try to break loose,
That's when you tie a knot on your string.
I can't hold up to what I'm going through.
My heart is weakening from the strain.

I know, I know if you untied me baby,
I'd be bound to you just the same.

I can't free my heart from you baby,
If you keep it hanging on your string.
I can't free my heart from you baby,
If you keep it hanging on your string.

I can't free my heart from you baby,
If you keep it hanging on your string.
I can't free my heart from you baby,
'Cause you keep it hanging on your string.

// Save It For Sunday //

She loves me, she loves me not.
I don't bring it up 'cause she's all I've got.
I don't ever ask why she's around.
I just reach for the stars with my feet on the ground.
My feet on the ground.

A dog-eared page, a book I've read
So many times it's all there in my head.
I watch every word reflect in her eyeglasses.
I know when she'll laugh and I know when she'll cry.
I know when she'll cry.

Save it for Sunday.
Save it for the choir and everyone.
Save it for Sunday
We got cares of our own.

On this side of town, you can't walk alone
A girl like yourself probably wind up gone.
There's talk about work. Gonna open a bar.
With 85 bouncers and one lonely star. One lonely star.

Save it for Sunday.
Save it for the choir and everyone.
Save it for Sunday
We got cares of our own.

// Tour Of Duty //

I'm arriving on the day's last train.
Stepping on the platform, trying to see you through the rain.
I don't know the ways you've changed since I left,
And I really don't care.
I've done my tour of duty now I'm home and I ain't going anywhere.

I taught myself to tolerate the pain,
All the loneliness and boredom and the work I did in vain.
All the work we did in vain. Now I'm not the same as I was.
I've done my tour of duty now I'll try to do what a civilian does.

I promise not to bore you with my stories.
I promise not to scare you with my tears.
I never would exaggerate the glory.
I'll seem so satisfied here.

I've been eating like I'm out on bail.
Collard greens and chicken wings and oysters by the pail.
Eating oysters by the pail, making up for those lost days.
I've done my tour of duty now I'm going to put you in the family way.

We'll laugh like little children telling secrets.
Probably cry like old women drinking gin,
Because I've done my tour of duty now I'm home
And I ain't leaving here again.

I've done my tour of duty now I'm home and I ain't leaving here again.

