Album: Browntown

// Save My People //

[Verse 1:]
My little nigga just came home
Locked up three years for robbing an autozone
Been out two days and he already heated
I'm chilling on the block with him, chilling getting weeded
He telling me about who he seen on the inside
Then we went to Cony, to get some chili cheese fries
Time passed, we was building 'bout the old days
Talking about the backstabbers robbing up the old jays
After that he ghost, I ain't see him
Heard he got locked robbing a lady in a BM
And just like that he's away from time
So I took time out to put his ass in a rhyme
Because...

[Hook: x2]
We see no evil, hear no evil
All we need now, is to speak no evil
Regardless of what, I'm gonna save my people
It all comes down to who?
See...

[Verse 2:]
Raise the window, swerve through the avenue
Pay homage to the spots I made revenue
Taking me my niggas ain't letting you
And they won't take another one, I'm betting you
God can strike me down if I'm a liar
For my nigga Los, died in a house fire
I ain't forgetting you, bring the whips through
Trapped up niggas, we got work to do
Shit jump off, we address 'em dawg
Got some grown ass niggas knocking at your door
They ain't selling shit, they just spitting clips
Ringing on your doorbell with them hollow tips
I ain't a violent nigga
But I can turn to one quick if you fuck with my niggas
Tryna live one life put a light to the swisher
Prolly smoke on the boat and get head on the river

[Hook x2]

// Track 03 (Shyne Instrumental) //

[Verse 1:]
Detroit desperado...
Rap Donald Goines in a red El Dorado
My lifestyle's fortune 500
When niggas just a crumb inside the world, where the bread run it
I'm 16 from the slums...
Street light reflect off the barrel of a gun
We expect death, lucky to reach puberty
Learned in the streets, public school wasn't teaching me
Graduate with honors as a cocaine scholar

Eat food... eat food
Eat food... eat food

[Verse 2:]
I sell nouns like pounds, verbs like birds
Clowns ain't heard, words I serve
Spit like Knicks, rhyme like dimes
Roll a dollar bill up snort these lines
Fresh off the curb on the quest for the bacons
Flipping occupation on the final destination
Daily operation currency chasing...
Got no patience (but what can I do?)
Daily operation currency chasing...
Got not patience for the pennies I ain't waiting
Pockets gettin' fatter, cause the purpose you progress
Without a harness on climb the ladder of success
Dan in the chest, brew in the belly
Liquor in the kidney counting money in the tele

Eat food
Eat food
Eat food
Eat food

