Album: Flag

// Rainy Day Man //

What good is that happy lie? All you wanted from the start was to cry, girl.
It looks like another fall. Your friends they don't seem to help at all.
Now, when you're feeling kind of cold and small, just look up your rainy day man.

It does you no good to pretend, child. You've made a hole much too big to mend.
And it looks like you lose again, my friend, so go on home and look up your rainy day man.

Now rainy day man, he don't like sunshine,
he don't chase rainbows, he don't need good times, no.
Grey days rolling, then you'll see him, I said empty feeling, Lord now you need him.

All those noble thoughts, they just don't belong. You can't hide the truth with a happy song.
And since you knew where you stood all along, just go call up your rainy day man.

Now simple pleasures they all evade you, store-bought treasures, Lord none can save you.
Look for signs to ease the pain, I said ask again, go on and pray for rain.

It looks like another fall. Your good friends they don't seem to help at all.
Now, when you're feeling kind of cold and small, just look up your rainy day man,
all I'm asking just to look up your rainy day man.

// Company Man //

It seems you've been living on your own, Lonely and free.
Looking to make yourself known, same as me.
Well I see you in the public eyes, I see you're looking fine.
The boy would be a businessman and he signs the bottom line.

Singing company man, do what you can with my name.
Rock and roll man, here I am, I'm staking my claim to fame.

He's got the smiling face of a friend, still you're not quite certain you know him.
The smile turns into a grin, what do you owe him? You know you owe him.

So if there's something you do well, something you're proud of,
better to save some for yourself if that's allowed.
The crowd will never know you, you'll hardly know yourself,
they'll turn you round and blow you up till you think you're someone else.

Singing company man, do what you can with my name.
Rock and roll man, here I am, I'm staking my claim to fame.

He can turn your time to gold, you better make as much as you can my friend.
Cause his money will turn you old and they need a young man.
The job takes a young man.

// Johnnie Comes Back //

All last week and half of today, Johnnie has been a good little girl.
Trying to keep her devils at bay, watching her health return.
But she always comes back for more, hanging her head and banging my door,
Johnnie comes back again.
I said, Johnnie remember, oh, Johnnie be good, "Please give me some medicine, man."
Oh Johnnie comes back again.
Where'd she get that tear in her eye?
Whoever said she could leave me, where'd she learn to say good-bye?
She's been watching too much T.V., she only shows up for meals,
my medicine chest and my automobiles. Johnnie comes back again.
I said, Johnnie remember, oh, Johnnie be good, "Please give me some medicine, man."
Oh Johnnie comes back again.

Me, I'm just an evil demon, I'm playing on her weakness,
counting on her sickness to bring her home again.

To use me up and to rob me blind, I guess it shouldn't surprise me.
Fighting and flashing like a fish on a line, my God, she must despise me.
But she always comes back again, now it won't be long 'til she's gone again,
Johnnie comes back again.

I said, Johnnie remember, oh, Johnnie be good, "Please give me some medicine, man."
Oh Johnnie comes back again.

// Day Tripper //

I've got a good reason for taking the easy way out.
I got a good reason for taking the easy way out.
She was a day tripper, one way ticket, yeah.
It took me so long to find out but I found out.

Now she's a big teaser, she took me half the way there.
She's a big teaser, she took me half the way there.
It was a day tripper, Sunday driver now.
It took me so long but you know I found out.

You can try to please her, she only plays one night stands.
You can try just to please her, she only plays one night stands.
She was a day tripper, one way baggage, yeah.
It took me so long, well you know that I found out.
When I found out, when I found out.

I've got a good reason for taking the easy way out.
I got a good reason for taking the easy way out.
She was a day tripper, one way driver, yeah.
It took me so long to find out but I found out.

Well, I got a good reason for taking the easy way out.
Yes, I got a good reason, girl, for taking the easy way out.
She was a day tripper, one way ticket, yeah.
It took me so long to find out but I found out.

// I Will Not Lie For You //

I will not lie, I will not lie. I will not lie, I will not lie for you.

Every time I see you fooling around on him,
I can't help but remember that he calls me his friend.
It's only right for me to tell you when it's the wrong thing to do.
It's only right that you should know-
if he comes to me, I will not lie for you, no, I won't lie for you.

It's hard enough to see him stumbling blind,
I refuse to see him lose you and me at the same time.
It's only right for me to tell you when it's the wrong thing to do.
It's only right that you should know-
if he comes to me, I will not lie for you, no, I won't lie for you.

To come here as your friend and have you come on like my lover,
like to bring things to an end between myself and my brother.
If it was any other man I would not interfere
But if you come on to me again, I don't see how to stand clear.
It's only right for me to tell you when it's the wrong thing to do.
It's only right that you should know-
if he asks me, I will not lie for you, mama, I won't lie for you.

If it was any other man I would not interfere
But if you come on to me again, I don't see how to stand clear.
It's only right for me to tell you when it's the wrong thing to do.
It's only right that you should know-
If he asks me, I will not lie, I will not lie, I will not lie, I will not lie for you.

No, I won't lie for you, little girl, I won't lie for you.
No, I won't lie to him for you, I will not lie for you.

// Brother Trucker //

Breaker number nine, big buddy, put your ears on me now.
This trucker got to have a big line tonight.
Come on sucker, come back brother trucker.
I keep seeing double unless I close one eye.

And I've got to roll, roll, roll brother trucker, sure enough a shame about the shape I'm in.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I'm back on my wheels again.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, someone to love the truck driving man.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I'm back on my wheels again.

I'm a driving fool, I make my own rules.
One part man and one part mule, one part fossil fuel,
I got the heart of steel, I pull eighteen wheels.
Mister nine to five in his Coup de Ville, no, never know how it feels.

To really roll, roll, roll brother trucker, holding my own just the best as I can.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I'm back on my wheels again.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, outward bound from South Bend.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I'm back on my wheels again.

Moon over New Jersey, big state police.
Well, I'm in a hurry, could you let me go in peace?
I'm an independent, I don't make no teamster dough.
Cause the A.F.L. and the C.I.O. still don't own the road.
And the only man telling me where to go is the man who owns my load.

And he says roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I say where and you say when.
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, get back on your wheels again.
Turn the goddamn thing around and do it again
Roll, roll, roll brother trucker, I'm back on my wheels again.
Fat bucket, I'm back on my wheels again

// Is That The Way You Look? //

Excuse me? Excuse me, yes?
Is that the way you look?  Is that the way you look?
Is that the way you look? Is that really the way that you look now?
Oh darling, darling, is that the way you look?

Is that really your eyes, is that really your hair?
Is that really the way you walk on by, are those the clothes you wear?
Oh darling, darling, is that the way you look?

Woh, baby, oh baby. Woh, baby, baby, baby, I got the question for you
Woh, baby, oh baby. Woh, baby, baby, baby, tell me now is it true?
Is that the way you look? No, no I mean is that the way you really look?
Is that the way you look, is that the way you look?

Baby, maybe I'm dreaming, but I'll be bound-
whoever wakes me up, I'm going to knock him down.
Oh darling, darling, is that the way you look?

Well I rubbed my eyes and I pinched my leg.
And I asked my friend and I shook my head,
But baby, is that the way you look?

// B. S. U. R. //

She's been holding on too long hoping I'm gonna change.
Giving it up just a little bit more each time I come home, looking and acting strange.
Putting her down for putting up with me.

Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am. Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am.

Do you think you might improve me, trying to take control?
Watching every little thing I do just like a bleeding movie, just like a leading role?
Mama, this ain't me and I don't believe that's you.

Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am. Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am.

First you make believe, I believe the things that you make believe
and I'm bound to let you down.
Then it's I who have been deceiving, purposely misleading,
and all along you believed in me.

So we circle around one another playing I guessing game, strangers at this masquerade.
Pretending to know each other, we strain to catch a name
and never see the mistakes we must have made.

Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am. Be as you are, as you see, as I am, I am.

// Millworker //

Now my grandfather was a sailor, he blew in off the water.
My father was a farmer and I, his only daughter.
Took up with a no good millworking man from Massachusetts
who dies from too much whiskey and leaves me these three faces to feed.

Millwork ain't easy, millwork ain't hard, millwork it ain't nothing but an awful boring job.
I'm waiting for a daydream to take me through the morning
and put me in my coffee break where I can have a sandwich and remember.

Then it's me and my machine for the rest of the morning,
for the rest of the afternoon and the rest of my life.

Now my mind begins to wander to the days back on the farm.
I can see my father smiling at me, swinging on his arm.
I can hear my granddad's stories of the storms out on Lake Erie
where vessels and cargoes and fortunes and sailors' lives were lost.

Yes, but it's my life has been wasted, and I have been the fool
to let this manufacturer use my body for a tool.
I can ride home in the evening, staring at my hands,
swearing by my sorrow that a young girl ought to stand a better chance.

So may I work the mills just as long as I am able
and never meet the man whose name is on the label.

It be me and my machine for the rest of the morning
and the rest of the afternoon, gone for the rest of my life.

// Chanson Française //

J'ai trouvé cette chanson française 
Mise dans un coin, 
Tout au fond de mon crâne 
Pas encore exprimée.

Et donc je manque des idées anglaises, 
Paraître, peut-être, quelque chose, je n'ai pas pensé. 
Si je dis que je t'aime, 
Ce n'est pas tout à fait 
La vielle même chose, 
Car les mots que je dis 
Ne viennent pas du même ésprit

Et me voici, baby 
Etranger nouveau 
J'essaye et j'essaye mais je sais 
Que je n'ai pas assez de français

Mais qu'est ce qu'on peut dire? 
Il me faut finir 
Suffisant à dire 
Je ne vais jamais écrire 
Encore une chanson française

Au revoir, mes amis, 
Je vous aime beaucoup.

// Sleep Come Free Me //

Well, I've been lying in this dungeon since I was eighteen.
Ten lonely years of my life taken, I've been living in the pages of a magazine.
It breaks my heart to awaken.
Set me free, sleep come free me, please, please, please. Set me free, set me free.

Now the state of Alabama says I killed a man, the jury reached the same conclusion.
I remember I was there with a tire iron in my hand, the rest is all confusion.
Set me free, sleep come free me, please, please, please. Set me free, set me free.

More like an animal and less like a man, what they leave you ain't worth keeping.
Brother let me tell you, I got a clock with no hands, the only way out is through sleeping.
Set me free, sleep come free me, please, please, please. Set me free, set me free.

You get to where you used to be, whoever you claim, it's open to interpretation.
Just remember your number and abandon your name,
and hold on to your name and hold on to your imagination, oh no no.
Set me free, sleep come free me, please, please, please. Set me free, set me free.

