Album: SweetBabyJames

// Lo And Behold //

Lonely by day, empty and cold, only to say lo and behold.
Deep in the night, down in my dreams, glorious sight this soul has seen.

There's a well on the hill, you just can't kill for Jesus, there's a well on the hill, let it be.
Don't build no heathen temples where the Lord has done laid his hand, now,
there's a well on the hill, let it be

Everyone's talking 'bout the gospel story, some shall sink and some shall rise.
Everyone's talking 'bout the train to glory. Long, long time till it gets here to you, baby.

There's a well on the hill, you just can't kill for Jesus, there's a well on the hill, let it be.
Don't build no heathen temples where the Lord has done laid his hand, now,
there's a well on the hill, let it be

// Sunny Skies //

Sunny skies sleeps in the morning, he doesn't know when to rise.
He closes his weary eyes upon the day, look at him yawning, throwing his morning hours away.
He knows how to ease down slowly, everything is fine in the end.
And you will be pleased to know that sunny skies hasn't a friend.

Sunny skies weeps in the evening, it doesn't much matter why.
I guess he just has to cry from time to time, everyone's leaving, sunny skies has to stay behind.

Still he knows how to ease down slowly, everything is fine in the end.
And you will be pleased to know that sunny skies hasn't a friend.

Sunny skies sleeps in the morning, he doesn't know when to rise.
He closes his weary eyes upon the day and throws it all away.

Looking at the snow and trees that grow outside my window,
looking at the things that pass me by.
Wondering if where I've been is worth the things I've been through,
ending with a friend named sunny skies.

// Steamroller //

Well, I'm a steamroller, baby, I'm bound to roll all over you.
Yes, I'm a steamroller now, baby, I'm bound to roll all over you.
I'm gonna inject your soul with some sweet rock 'n roll and shoot you full of rhythm and blues.

Well, I'm a cement mixer, a churning urn of burning funk.
Yes, I'm a cement mixer for you, baby, a churning urn of burning funk.
Well, I'm a demolition derby, yes, a hefty hunk of steaming junk.

Now, I'm a napalm bomb, baby, just guaranteed to blow your mind.
Yeah, I'm a napalm bomb for you, baby, just guaranteed to blow your mind
And if I can't have your love for my own, sweet child, won't be nothing left behind,
It seems how lately, baby, got a bad case steamroller blues.

// Oh, Susannah //

Well I come from Alabama with my banjo on my knee,
and I'm bound for Louisiana, my own true love for to see.
It did rain all night the day I left, the weather was bone dry.
The sun was so hot I froze myself, Suzanne, don't you go on and cry.
I said, oh, Susannah, now, don't you cry for me,
as I come from Alabama with this banjo on my knee.

Well I had myself a dream the other night when everything was still,
I dreamed that I saw my girl Suzanne, she was coming around the hill.
Now, the buckwheat cake was in her mouth, a tear was in her eye.
I said, that I come from Dixie land, Suzanne, don't you break down and cry.
I said, oh, Susannah, now, don't you cry for me,
as I come from Alabama with this banjo on my knee.

// Anywhere Like Heaven //

When I walk along your city streets and look into your eyes,
When I see that simple sadness that upon your features lies.
If my spirit starts to sink, it comes as no surprise,
it's been a long way from anywhere like heaven to your town, this town.

There's a pasture in the countryside I used to call my own.
There's a natural pillow for my head, the grass there's overgrown, yes and no.
I think of that place from time to time when I want to be alone,
it's been a long way from anywhere like heaven to your town, this town.

Now, people live from day to day, but they do not count the time.
They don't see the days slipping by and neither do I.

Now, people, they live from day to day, but they do not count the time, no.
They don't see their days slipping by and neither do I.

When I walk along your city streets and look into your eyes,
When I see that simple sadness that upon your features lies, I see lines.
If my spirit starts to sink, it comes as no surprise,
it's been a long way from anywhere like heaven to your town, this town.

// Oh Baby, Don't You Loose Your Lip On Me //

Oh, baby, don't you loose your lip on me.
Lord, have mercy, baby, now, don't you loose your lip on poor old loving man JT, wooo.
Now, I've tried so hard to be your good boy, good God almighty, don't you know, mama,
tell me what more, what more in this world in this whole wide world can one good boy,
just one by himself man be, no, woooo.

// Suite For 20G //

Slipping away, what can I say, won't you stay inside me, month of May?
And hold on to me golden days, slipping away.
Sunshine on my wall to keep my mind on the things I'm saying.
Footsteps in the hall to tell me I've been this way before, nevermore.
Let it rain, sweet Mary Jane, let it wash your love down all around me,
come inside and put it down, let it rain.

I've been trying hard to find a way to let you know that we can make it shine most all the time.
This time round I'm searching down to where I used to go,
and it's been on my mind to make it shine

You can say I wanna be free, I can say someday I will be.

You can say I wanna be free, I can say someday I will be.

When I catch a common cold, wanna hear a saxophone.
When I let the good times roll, baby, slide me a bass trombone
Walk me down old Funky Street
Lord knows I feel good enough to eat (now)
Hold my soul.  Now, I'm sure enough fond of my rock 'n roll

When I go to sleep at night, wanna hear a slide guitar.
When I'm feeling loose and right, go riding in my automobile.
Boney Maroney and Peggy Sue, got the rocking pneumonia, got the boogy-woogy flu, hey,
hold my soul, said I'm sure enough fond of my rock 'n roll, good God!
Looky here, looky here, woo!

