Album: TheGeniusHitsTheRoad

// Alabamy Bound //

I'm Alabamy bound, there'll be no Jeebie
Jeebies hangin' 'round.
Just give the meanest ticket man on earth
All I'm worth, to put my tootsies in an upper birth.
Just hear the choo choo sound, I know that
Soon we're goin' to cover ground, and then
I'll holler, so the world will know,
Here I come, I'm Alabamy Bound,

// Georgia On My Mind //

Georgia, Georgia
The whole day through (the whole day through)
Just an old sweet song
Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)

I said Georgia, Georgia
A song of you (a song of you)
Comes as sweet and clear
As moonlight through the pines

Other arms reach out to me
Other eyes smile tenderly
Still in peaceful dreams I see
The road leads back to you

I said Georgia, oh Georgia
No peace I find (peace I find)
Just an old sweet song
Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)

Other arms reach out to me
Other eyes smile tenderly
Still in peaceful dreams I see
The road leads back to you

Woah, Georgia, Georgia
No peace, no peace I find
Just an old, sweet song
Keeps Georgia on my mind (Georgia on my mind)

I said just an old sweet song
Keeps Georgia on my mind

// Basin Street Blues //

Basin Street, Basin Street
That's the place where my friends all meet
Down in New Orleans, in that land of dreams
And you don't know how nice it seems

It's dear to me, yes-sirree
And that's the place I'm so longing to be
Where I can lose
These old Basin Street blues

No, Basin Street, my Basin Street
Where the young and the old folk meet
Down in New Orleans, in that land of dreams
You don't know how nice it really seems

But it's dear to me, yes-sirree
And that's the place I'm so longing to be
Where maybe I can lose
These old Basin Street blues

And oh, well I'm talkin' 'bout
Basin Street, Basin Street
Where the folk who know what's happenin' meet
Down in New Orleans, in the land of dreams

And you don't know how nice it seems
Or just how it really means

Dear to me, yes-sirree
It's dear to me, yes-sirree
Can't you see why I'm gonna lose
These old Basin Street blues

Oh, I wanna go where I can lose
These old Basin Street blues
Oh yeah

// Mississippi Mud //

When the sun goes down, the tide goes out, the people gather round and they all 
begin to shout.

Hey, Hey Uncle Dud

It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud.
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud.

What a dance do they do.
Lordy how I'm tellin' you.
They don't need no band.
They keep time by clapping their hands.
Just as happy as a cow chewin' on a cud.

It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi Mud.

Lordy how they play it.
Goodness how they sway it.

Uncle Joe, uncle Jim!
How they pound that mire with vigor and vim.

Joy it nearly kill me.
Boy that music trills me.

What a show when they go.
Say they beat it up either fast or slow.

// Moonlight In Vermont //

Pennies in a stream
Falling leaves, a sycamore
Moonlight in Vermont

Icy finger-waves
Ski trails on a mountainside
Snowlight in Vermont

Telegraph cables, they sing down the highway
And travel each bend in the road
People who meet in this romantic setting
Are so hypnotized by the lovely...

Ev'ning summer breeze
Warbling of a meadowlark
Moonlight in Vermont

Telegraph cables, how they sing down the highway
And they travel each bend in the road
People who meet in this romantic setting
Are so hypnotized by the lovely...

Ev'ning summer breeze
The warbling of a meadowlark
Moonlight in Vermont
You and I and Moonlight in Vermont

// New York's My Home //

There's a rumour going around
That some of you good people
Want to leave this town

But you better consult me before you go
(Why?)
Cos I've been in all these places
And I know

(Chicago) Chicago's all right
It's got the Wrigley Field and
Soldier's Field and Marshall Field 
And it's on a nice lake

But it hasn't got
The hansoms in the park
It hasn't got a skyline after dark

That's why New York's my home
Never let me leave it
New York's my home, sweet home

(What about Hollywood)
Hollywood's got movie stars and
Movie czars and cocktail bars and
Shiny cars and a wonderful climate, they say

But it hasn't got
The handy subway train
You seldom find a taxi
When it rains

That's why New York's my home
Keep your California
New York's my home, sweet home

(Geez, what's happening in St.Louis)
Lots of people like St.Louis
It's got lots of shoes
And the St.Louis blues and
One of our larger rivers runs by

But it hasn't got the opera in The Met
It hasn't got a famous string quartet

That's why New York's my home
No, not a place to visit
New York's my home, sweet home

(San Francisco)
San Francisco is a lovely place
It's got lots of hills
And lots of thrills and it's
On an ocean of some size

But it hasn't got
The Bowery or The Bronx
It hasn't got the Harlem honkytonks

That's why New York's my home
Yeah, it's my favorite city
New York's my home, sweet home

So, save your time and trouble
I say save your railroad fare
I said save your time and trouble, brother
Save your railroad fare

Cause when you leave New York
Let me say, you ain't going nowhere

// California, Here I Come //

California here I come,
Right back where I started from,
Where bowers and flowers bloom in the sun,
Each morning at dawning birdies sing and everything.
A sun kissed miss said "Don't be late." 
Thats why I can hardly wait,
So open up those Golden gate California here I COME!

// Moon Over Miami //

Moon over miami,
Shine on my love and me,
So we can stroll beside the roll,
Of the rolling sea.

Moon over miami,
Shine on as we begin,
A dream or two that may come true,
When the tide comes in.
Hark to the song of the smiling troubadours,
Hark to the throbbing guitars,
Hear how the waves offer thunderous applause,
After each song to the stars.
Moon over miami,
You know we're waiting for,
A little love,
A little kiss
On miami shore.

// Deep In The Heart Of Texas //

The stars at night are big and bright,
Deep In the Heart of Texas

The Prairie Sky, is Wide and High,
Deep In the Heart of Texas

The Sage in bloom is like perfume,
Deep in the Heart of Texas

Reminds me of the one I love,
Deep in the Heart of Texas

The Coyotes wail along the trail,
Deep in the Heart of Texas

The rabbits rush around the brush
Deep in the Heart of Texas

The cowboys cry, "Ki-yip-pee Yi"
Deep in the Heart of Texas

The Dogies bawl, and bawl and bawl
Deep In the Heart of Texas

// Carry Me Back To Old Virginny //

Carry me back to old Virginny,
There's where the cotton and the corn and tators grow,
There's where the birds warble sweet in the spring time,
There's where the darkies' heart am longed to go.

There's where I labored so hard for old massa,
Day after day in the field of yellow corn,
No place on earth do I love more sincerely,
Than old Virginny the state where I was born.

Carry me back to old Virginny,
There's where I lived till I withered and decay,
Long by the old dismal swarm have I wandered,
There's where these old darkies' life am passed away.

Massa and misses, have long gone before me,
Soon we'll meet on that bright and golden shore.
There's where we'll happy and free from all sorrow,
There's where we'll live and we'll never part no more.

Carry me back to old Virginny,
There's where the cotton and the corn and tators grow,
There's where the birds warble sweet in the spring time,
There's where the old darkies' heart am longed to go.

// Blue Hawaii //

Night and you and blue Hawaii
The night is heavenly and you are heaven to me
Lovely you and blue Hawaii
With all this loveliness there should be love

Come with me while the moon is on the sea
The night is young and so are we, so are we

Dreams come true in blue Hawaii
And mine could all come true this magic night of nights with you

Come with me while the moon is on the sea (the moon is on the sea)
The night is young and so are we (so are we)

Dreams come true in blue Hawaii
And mine could all come true this magic night of nights with you

// Chattanooga Choo Choo //

Hey there, pal, whatcha say?
Step aside partner, it's my day 
Bend an ear and listen to my version 
(Of a really solid, Tennessee excursion) 
Pardon me boys, is that the Chattanooga Choo Choo? 
(Yes Yes) Track 29! 
Boy you can give me a shine 
(Can you afford to board, the Chattanooga Choo Choo?) 
I've got my fare 
And just a trifle to spare 
You leave the Pennsylvania station 'bout a quarter to four 
Read a magazine and then you're in Baltimore 
Dinner in the diner, nothing could be finer 
(then to have your ham and eggs in Carolina) 
When you hear the whistle blowing eight to the bar 
Then you know that Tennessee is not very far 
Shuffle all the coal in 
Gotta keep it rollin' 
(Whoo Whoo Chattanooga there you are) 
There's gonna be, a certain party at the station 
Satin and Lace 
I used to call funny face 
She's gonna cry 
Until I tell her that I'll never roam 
(So Chattanooga Choo Choo) 
Won't you choo choo me home. 
Get aboard... 
All aboard... 
Chattanooga choo choo 
Wont you choo choo me home

// Sentimental Journey //

Gonna take a sentimental journey 
Gonna set my heart at ease 
Gonna make a sentimental journey 
To renew old memories 

I got my bag, I got my reservation 
Spent each dime I could afford 
Like a child in wild anticipation 
I long to hear that: "All aboard!" 

Seven, that's the time we leave - at seven 
I'll be waiting up for heaven 
Counting every mile of railroad track - that moves me back 

I never thought my heart could be so yearny 
Why did I decide to roam 
Gotta take a sentimental journey 
Sentimental journey home

// Hit The Road Jack //

(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)

Woah Woman, oh woman, don't treat me so mean
You're the meanest old woman that I've ever seen
I guess if you said so
I'd have to pack my things and go (That's right)

(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)

Now baby, listen baby, don't ya treat me this-a way
Cause I'll be back on my feet some day
(Don't care if you do 'cause it's understood)
(You ain't got no money you just ain't no good)
Well, I guess if you say so
I'd have to pack my things and go (That's right)

(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more)

Well
(Don't you come back no more)
Uh, what you say?
(Don't you come back no more)
I didn't understand you
(Don't you come back no more)
You can't mean that
(Don't you come back no more)
Oh, now baby, please
(Don't you come back no more)
What you tryin' to do to me?
(Don't you come back no more)
Oh, don't treat me like that
(Don't you come back no more)

// Blue Moon Of Kentucky (Swingova) //

Blue moon off Kentucky, keep on shining, shining
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue
Blue moon off Kentucky, keep on shining
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue

Well, it was on one moonlit night, stars shining bright
With spirit on high, your lover said "Goodbye"

I said blue moon off Kentucky, keep on shining
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue
Blue moon off Ken—, why don't you keep on shining, shining
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue now (Keep on shining)
Ah (Keep on shining), keep on shining (Keep on shining)
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue (Oh yeah)

Well, it was on one moonlit night (Moonlit night), stars shining bright
(Stars shining bright)
With spirit on high (His spirit on high), your lover said "Goodbye"

I said blue moon off Kentucky, keep on shining (Keep on shining)
Shine on the one that's gone and left me blue (So blue)
Left me blue (So blue), left me blue (So blue)
Left me blue (Oh, oh, blue)
Oh, yes sir
Well, that's alright, keep on shining now
Yes, play it, play it
Play it 'til it gets good

// Rainy Night In Georgia //

Hoverin' by my suitcase, tryin' to find a warm place to spend the night
Heavy rain fallin', seems I hear your voice callin' "It's all right."
A rainy night in Georgia, a rainy night in Georgia
It seems like it's rainin' all over the world
I feel like it's rainin' all over the world
Neon signs a-flashin', taxi cabs and buses passin' through the night
A distant moanin' of a train seems to play a sad refrain to the night
A rainy night in Georgia, such a rainy night in Georgia
Lord, I believe it's rainin' all over the world
I feel like it's rainin' all over the world
How many times I wondered
It still comes out the same
No matter how you look at it or think of it
It's life and you just got to play the game

[Instrumental Interlude]

I find me a place in a box car, so I take my guitar to pass some time
Late at night when it's hard to rest I hold your picture to my chest and I feel fine
[Minor Scat] But it's a rainy night in Georgia, baby, it's a rainy night in Georgia I
Feel it's rainin' all over the world, kinda lonely now And it's rainin' all over the
World
Oh, have you ever been lonely, people?
And you feel that it was rainin' all over this man's world
You're talking 'bout rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin',
Rainin', rainin' rainin', rainin', rainin' [etc. to end]

