Album: StraightFromTheLab

// Monkey See, Monkey Do //

Ayo 50
What I tell you?
We ain't even have to say shit, they did it, ha ha

Monkey see, monkey do
Don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you
'Cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do
So let them come to you, the rest'll just follow suit, monkey see, monkey do
Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum
If they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come
Now here they come as we expected, now we just set 'em up
Check-mate, motherfucker, game's over, we won
Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum

Doesn't take much for me to raise such a stink up
When motherfuckers hate your guts
You ain't even gotta say much
For me to put a pen to a blank sheet of paper
Is like smearing a bloodstain with a paint brush
I can't explain what it is my brain does
But however it works, it's insane, it's plain nuts
And it ain't just my brain that's dangerous
It's a whole combination of things, it takes nuts
And I'm not afraid to raise the stakes up
I got a million bucks in the bank and eight trucks
For anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
I'm patiently waiting for the day, I'm anxious
To see the look on ya fake mugs when you thugs go bankrupt
Ya drunk, you ain't tough
Whatever you drank must've just turned you into some gangstas
This is me talking, motherfucker, this ain't drugs
You wanna pop shit? Wake up then make up
Fuck that! It's too late chump, now face up
I pray for the day that someone who spits with the caliber that Nas and Jay does
Opens up his jaw to say somethin' or rattle my name off
Or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
So I can blow the fucking dust off of this chainsaw
And give him the surgery that he came for
'Til I pull the paint off, I never been shot
But I think me and Fifty must've been cut from the same cloth
'Cause I've always came off like Ja's chain when they try to rush him
And lost and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
I don't stop, only thing that I wait for
Is the day that I ain't gotta report to probate court
'Cause I'ma give you all a reason to hate more
'Cause I been holding my tongue 'til I got a sprained jaw
A lot of rappers on my list that just ain't Ja
And I'ma read that motherfucker off come April
You pussies think I went soft 'cause 8 Mile
When I come back I'll be shooting more than just paintballs
Trust me

Monkey see, monkey do
Don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you
'Cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do
So let them come to you, the rest'll just follow suit, monkey see, monkey do
Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum
If they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come
Now here they come as we expected, now we just set 'em up
Check-mate, motherfucker, game's over, we won
Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum

Fucking dummies
This ain't chess
You playin' motherfucking checkers
This shit is all day, man, it's too easy
We playing chess, you playing checkers
You 'bout to get your mother fucking asses jumped
Fucking punks
And by the way
We ain't just talking to one person
We talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it
'Cause we bring it into anybody who wants to bring it
So bring it
Don't pick up the ball if you don't wanna play, man
It's all fucked up now
Fuck I'm supposed to do now?
Huh?!
What the fuck I'm supposed to do?!
Yo, we out!

// Can I Bitch //

(I, I wanna grow up too)
"Uncle Marshall, will you tell us a bedtime story?"
Here we go!

Now, once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came, and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper-wood
So these silly little fans, they were misled
By a nerdy Internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you, Clef, we're gonna make some cash."
"Grab this silver paint and just paint my ass."
Hey, mister, would you care to bear witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister?
Stanibus, little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner, we have the "Mr
Not-Havin'-It," it's the Mad, sinister
Dr. Evil, with his bag of tricks for
This little antagonistic faggot
Dick-sucking ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny-Fag-Kaniff-sta
You bastard, I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canibus, where the fuck you at? I miss ya!

Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Wherefore art thou, Canibitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York, or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh, Canibitch

Now, at first, I ain't really understand this shit
Picture me, for a second, and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat Mansion relaxin' when
All of a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners, it's
Canibitch, on some 'Stan Lives' shit
It creeped me out at first; man, this is sick
But me, bein' just as sick, this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters, you were tellin' me shit like
You respect me, like any other regular MC
The third letter, you asked how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me
The fourth letter: "Slim, you're really startin' to upset me."
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
The sixth letter, there's a bomb threat on our building
This crazy motherfucker's really tryna kill me
So I went back and read the first few letters that said
Some shit about a message you left
Oh shit! That's not a E, that's an A!
This dude wants to leave me a 'massage,' he's gay!
Right away, I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre
"We got a bogey," "Marshall, I'm on the way."

Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Wherefore art thou, Canibitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York, or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh, Canibitch

So, in two seconds flat, Dre's at my crib
Only thing is, we both know where this kid lives
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship
"Shit. Oh, Dre, wait a minute, that's it!
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo-boost
We can fly over the border!" "Let's Go!"
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed
"What was that? Oh, Jermaine Dupri."
"Fuck it," keep goin', no time to waste
"Wait, back up. Hit him one more time, in case."
"Okay," fuck, now he's draggin' under the car
"Oh well, only thirty more thousand miles!"
Meanwhile, me and Dre are tryna conversate
Just tryna find a reason for the constant hate
And tryna figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propane'
"He couldn't have fell off that hard." Ain't no way!
What happened to the way you was rappin'
When you was scandalous?
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist!
Plus, he raps with his regular voice
"What was that?" "Pet Shop Boys."
So, we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted
His corpse was still movin', but his ass was rotted
And he kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love
I figured if I stick him with a fork, he's done
So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin'—Christ!
He won't die! This guy's like a battered wife!
He's like Kim: he keeps comin' back for more
But he won't fight back, I cracked his jaw
Hold up! 'Bis, quit foldin' up!
Punch me in the chest, make my shoulders touch
Do something! At least one punchline!
Come on! 'Til the meter reads Nine! Nine! Nine-
Ty nine percent of my fans are blond!
'Bis, come on, answer me, man, respond!
Tell me 'bout the sun, rain, moon and stars!
Intergalactical metaphors from Mars!
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs!
Bite another line from Redman's song!
Suddenly, the stub of a dead man's arm
From a midget reaches out from under the car
It's J.D.! This motherfucker won't die, neither!
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether
We swamped the bitch in it; stomped the bitch again
"Compton!" "Detroit, bitch, talk some shit again!"
"Stomp him!" "Switch feet!" "Stomp him!" "Switch again!"
"Dre, all right, he's dead, dog, quit kickin' him!
I think Stanibus jumped off the bridge again!" ("Ahh!")
"Damn," "He disappeared, yo, he's gone, he did it again!"

Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Wherefore art thou, Canibitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Canibitch, oh, Canibitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York, or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh, Canibitch

// Bully //

Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, 'cause I don't see either one of us budging

"I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect"
That's what he says to himself
As he uses his magazines to trash me
As he sits with both his feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins 'til he hurls himself into rage
And it's destroying him slowly
'Cause he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
'Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared

You ain't no motherfucking bully
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking bully
I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a bully
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
And I know it must be fucking with you emotionally

Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many other motherfuckers there just are
They just keep hounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja (Ha-ha-ha-ha)
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
And dog you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull the race card
And it backfires in your face hard
'Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this stylist you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch

You ain't no motherfucking bully
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking bully
I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a bully
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
You must be taking too much E

Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we're so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugz, Slang Ton, and Freaky Tah
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard
And I'm not excluding myself
'Cause I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go, but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception, it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Hailie's name

You ain't no motherfucking bully
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking bully
I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no bully
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a bully
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a bully
Irvine, get your boy off of that E

Get at me, dog
Holla

// Come On In //

Good morning! Ha ha!
Wake your motherfucking asses up!
Are y'all with us or what?
Well, come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleeping on my group, bitch!

For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin' my ass whipped
'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever kiss ass with
I just can't get past these little piss ants
That wanna be brawny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
'Cause we can and they can't spit
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's scrap and then it isn't rap, is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you gotta go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old-fashioned but my passion is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' to slap him
Believe me, I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it gets took on the mic
'Cause I'm tellin' you right now, you're not gonna like it
'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin' you with me
You poke a stick at a pitbull, you get bit, B
These words stick to you like Krazy Glue when you diss me
'Cause they just bounce off me, like bullets to 50
I'm the beautiful-lest thing and you gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Keith Murray when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof, are you with me?

Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words and you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody good morning

They consider me the epitome me of a beef starter
In a party with heat, it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs, I'm walkin' gloves with a shotgun
Constantly poppin' slugs, they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses; a holocaust to whoever ain't conscious
In a house full of dog shit
I'm a Gothic death project, you stop breathin'
You die quicker than Mach speed without bleedin'
It ain't about what you readin'
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetings
Either that or we'll be beefin' frequent
You niggas need an 'E' just to speak shit
Your leader's a petite bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
Nigga I did it from the mind of a mental patient
When Glocks wave you can save that conversation for Satan
You brave?

Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words and you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody good morning

I heard you niggas don't like us but so what?
This beef is like "What the fuck did he say in his rap, Em?"
I can see that he's just a punk
I mean these niggas squeeze on me
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks and my MPC and a mic
They empty out on them bike to fight you
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphors to get points across when I write
This emotion's enough to say: "Fuck you bitch and I don't like you!"
What! I might as well give this up but that'd be, selfish as fuck
To leave D12 in this but we can't self-destruct
I've never felt it this much, c'mon fellas get up!
We gotta fight like Bugz last night of his life, c'mon!

I walk with a limp, pistol hanging off of the hip
I'm awkward and quick enough and sick when sparking a fifth
Your carcass is split, even if beef is partially thick
We can't take you seriously, you a comedy skit
You probably wish that you could be out, shooting at Gs
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze, I can't believe
You speaking on moving keys, but every time we hear you kick it
The only thing that you selling is woof tickets
I look wicked 'cause niggas'll test your nutsack
So when they bust, you better bust back or get your guts clapped outta your stomach
And when they want it I'll bring a hundred niggas from Runyon so get to gunnin' if you coming

Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words and you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody good morning

// Doe Ray Me //

[Eminem and Hailie:]
Hailie, what do you want to be when you grow up, baby?
I don't know, but I don't want to grow up to be like Ja Rule's little dirty-ass kids

Ah-ha! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
What?
Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
OK
We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!

[Swift:]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead
And I ain't talking 'bout a pencil
Look at what the fuck you done got into
I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual
Claiming you a murderer, and you spelled it wrong
You put E before the D, 'cause that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy
If he was still alive, you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch, keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals
That another nigga got you? They didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover, 'cause he need it
And all you niggas hating, shut your mouths!
It's just that real niggas ain't buying that shit y'all put out

[Obie Trice:]
Doe, rae, me, but we don't sing, motherfuckers
So Murder Inc, do your thing, motherfuckers
You unleashed on a team
Who expects nothin' less than R&B coming from that regime
"Regime" is a little extreme
Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billie Holiday – how it happen?
Artist and repertoire saw him in action
Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him
Told him, "Reenact him, you go platinum!"
They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenacting her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy, mash and destroy
Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, motherfucker!

[Eminem:]
Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not
Shooting at me, with the only shot you got
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

[Kuniva:]
Now, we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious, nigga, you shook
You half of a half-way crook; get off X dick, go sing a hook!
Nigga, and you can't replace the late great one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga, please stick to the script
Before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino, you ain't shit but a bitch!
Fuckin' old-ass, ignorant, innocent-lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on: is it me, or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch-made man; now, how you gonna connect
With them short ass arms, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
You niggas can scream, holler and curse
Go ahead and respond
And pull that pen and pad up outta your purse

[Proof:]
Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up, Gotti? And this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggas?
Roll like a boss, in the streets they still feel us
It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept
You talking nonsense to walking bomb threats
Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss, you gon' see me on your porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust

[Kon Artis:]
Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or that transvestite?
That dress like a Lil Kim fox
You're just like a little windbox
Press tight on the trigger of this Glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying mock Pac
You Mockaveli; get your own identity!

[Eminem:]
Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not
Shooting at me, with the only shot you got
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again
Fuckin' punk-pussy bitch! I'll fuck you up, boy! Never!
Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life…
I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget
Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass

[Obie Trice:]
That's right, motherfuckers
Shady records, what you know about it?
Fuck Benzino! Fuck Ja Rule!
Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers
Ja Rule punk ass, yeah, fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass
Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real
That the nigga from Soul 4 Real!
Candy Rain-ass nigga, he got a deal, now he rappin'
You don't know what's, faggot-ass motherfuckers
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D-12, G Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade

[Hailie and Eminem:]
Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me?
No, honey, you guys are the same size

