Album: Savoy

// I'm Just A Lucky So-And-So //

Whem I walk down the street
Seems like everyone I meet
Gives me a friendly hello
Well I guess I'm just a lucky so-and-so

The birds in every tree
All sing so merrily
They sing wherever I go
I guess I'm just a lucky so-and-so

Well if you should ask me the amount in my bank account
I must confess I'm slipping
But that don't bother me, 'cause confidentially
I've got a dream that's, that's just a pippin

And when my day is through
Each night I'll hurry to
A love that's faithful, I know
I guess I'm just a lucky so-and-so
I'm so-and-so

Well if you should ask me the amount in my bank account
I must confess that I'm slipping
But that don't bother me, 'cause confidentially
I've got a dream that's a pip-pip-pippin

And when my day is through
Each night I'll hurry to
A love that's faithful, I know
I guess I'm just a lucky so-and-so
Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky
Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky
Lucky so-and-so

Just lucky so-and-so

// Gee Baby Ain't I Good To You //

Love makes me treat you the way that I do
Gee baby, ain't I good to you?
There's nothing in this whole world too good
For a girl so sweet and true
Gee baby, ain't I good to you?

Bought you a fur coat for Christmas
And a diamond ring
A big Cadillac car, and everything
What makes me treat you the way that I do?
Gee baby, ain't I good to you?

Bought you a fur coat for Christmas
And a diamond ring
A big Cadillac car, and everything
Love makes me treat you the way that I do
Gee, baby, ain't I good to you?
Oh gee, baby, ain't I good to you?
Gee, baby, ain't I good to you?

// Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby //

I got a gal who's always late
Anytime we have a date
But I love her
Yes I love her

I'm gonna walk right up to her gate
And see if I can get it straight
'Cause I want her
I'm gonna ask her

Is you is or is you ain't my baby?
The way you're acting, baby, make me doubt
Yous is still my baby, baby
Seems my flame in your heart's done gone out

Yeah, a woman is a creature
That has always been strange
Just when you're sure of one
You find she's gone and made a change

Is you is or is you ain't my baby?
Well, maybe baby's found somebody new
Or is my baby still my baby true?

Is you is or is you ain't my baby?
The way you're acting lately makes me doubt
Tell me, is yous still my baby, baby?
Honey, seems my flame in your heart's done gone out

Is you is or is you ain't my baby?
Maybe baby's found somebody new
Or is my baby still?
Is you is or is you ain't my baby?
My baby, my baby, my baby...

Baby!

// Baby It's Cold Outside //

I really can't stay (But baby it's cold outside)
I've got to away (But baby it's cold outside)
This evening has been (So happy that you'd dropped in)
So very nice (I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice)
My mother will start to worry (Beautiful what's your hurry)
My father will be pacing the floor (Listen to the fireplace roar)
So really I'd better scurry (Beautiful please don't hurry)
Well maybe just a half a drink more (Put some records on while I pour)
The neighbors might think (But baby it's bad out there)
Say what's in this drink? (No cabs to be had out there)
I seem to be in (Your eyes are like starlit sin)
Some crazy spell (I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell)
I ought to say "No, no, no sir" (Ya mind if I move in closer?)
At least I'm gonna say that I tried (Baby make my conscious your guide)

I really can't stay (Oh, baby don't hold out)
Ah but it's cold outside

I simply must go (But baby it's cold outside)
The answer is no (But baby it's cold outside)
Your welcome has been (So lucky that you dropped in)
So nice and warm (Look out the window at the storm)
My sister will be suspicious (Gosh your lips look delicious)
My brother will be there at the door (Waves upon the tropical shore)
My maiden aunt's mind is vicious (Gosh your lips are delicious)
But maybe just tiny talk more (Never such a blizzard before)
I've gotta get home (But baby you'd freeze out there)
Say lend me a comb (It's up to your knees out there)
You've really been grand (I thrill when you touch my hand)
But don't you see? (How can you do this thing to me?)
There's bound to be talk tomorrow (Think of my lifelong sorrow)
At least there will be plenty implied (If you caught pneumonia and died)

I really can't stay (Get over that old doubt)
Ah but it's cold outside

// Caldonia //

Walkin' with my baby, she got great big feet
Long, lean and lanky, ain't had nothing to eat
She's my baby
And I love her just the same
Always crazy 'bout that woman 'cause Caldonia is her name

Caldonia, Caldonia
What make your big head so hard?
I love you, love you just the same
Always crazy 'bout you, baby, 'cause Caldonia is your name

My mama told me
She said, "Son, now listen
I'm your mama and I know better
You need to stay away from that woman"
But you know, mama did not know what Caldonia was putting down
So I'm going down to Caldonia's house one more time

Caldonia, Caldonia
What makes your big head so hard, honey?
I love you, love you just the same
I'm always crazy 'bout you, baby, 'cause Caldonia is your name

