// All The Stars //

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)

[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Tell me what you gon' do to me
Confrontation ain't nothin' new to me
You can bring a bullet, bring a sword, bring a morgue
But you can't bring the truth to me
Fuck you and all your expectations
I don't even want your congratulations
I recognize your false confidence
And calculated promises all in your conversation
I hate people that feel entitled
Look at me crazy 'cause I ain't invite you
Oh, you important?
You the moral to the story? You endorsin'?
Motherfucker, I don't even like you
Corrupted man's heart with a gift
That's how you find out who you dealin' with
A small percentage who I'm buildin' with
I want the credit if I'm losin' or I'm winnin'
On my mamma, that's the realest shit

Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)

[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer

It's getting cold when an ego gets to talkin'
I get involved, like a rebound
No control, no, I'm switched in the way that you bringin' me down
It's a turn on, you didn't wait from me
Leave me alone, keep away from me

And it sounds wrong, get it away from me, yeah
I just cry for no reason
I just pray for no reason
I just think for the life, for the days
For the hours and another like breathin'

I did it all 'cause it feel good
You'd leave it all if it feel bad
Better live your life, we were runnin' out of time

[Kendrick Lamar & SZA:]
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)

[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer
All the stars are closer

// 6 Foot 7 Foot (Freestyle) //

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Said I'm a fuckin' monster, a massive attack, I haunt ya
I mastered the rap, then fucked up the monitors, mastered that
After that, I went for thermometers, popped 'em all, then popped in the
Jaw of Tracy Veronica, holler back, they promised us
No pajamas, insomnia, will attack, I attack like piranha does
Hit your block like a comet. Blah! And you all know what time it is
2012, mark your calendars, calisthenics and silencers
Exercisin' that trigger strap, rock with us, Metallica
Competition no talent, hmm, in the jungle, what's wild enough?
Just might stumble upon a pack of lions
No lyin', my soldiers dyin', this is Iraq, alliances
Lining with stars and bars of a prison rep, my science a-
-pplyin' pressure, her stretcher is needed, pay the proceeds
Or you live in debt, y'all soft as a giga-pet, you niggas can't see me
Unless you watchin' the TV or ultra huggin' my silhouette
My flow got the ceiling wet, I spit 'til I feel my breath
Who sinkin' my fuckin' chest? She fuckin' the fuckin' best
Mean my dick is the dick of death, mean I'm killing that pussy
Like Spike whenever that Jerry slept

Yeah, Dre
Me and Andre the Giant, 6'7 and climbin'
Whether you storm to your climate, whether you're beat makin' or rhyming
Bumping some Phyllis Hyman, hand full of diamonds like Jay fans
On a island with Ray Bans, glasses palmin' asses
That probably came wit' a great tan, he he
I be the motherfuckin' mecca of this hub city spectrum
Where they at? I will dissect them like a fucking frog's rectum
Why you wreckin' with irreputable? My worst flow incredible
They probably call the federal after I slaughter several
Etcetera, etcetera, Bentley passin' up Celicas
They tellin' us about shit, HiiiPoWeR in your mouth, bitch
And Top Dawg can vouch, bitch, nigga, what you 'bout?
About face with army outfits, the general's here
That mean the hustlers and the criminals here
Penitence reachin' pinnacles of life and despair
And me I solemnly swear to handle mine like a Taliban and die for it
Only difference is I ain't never askin' Allah for it
Only difference is I be spazzin' and still a proud poet
Put me in a category, I don't know what's a sadder story
Guts and glory, your pain bore me you ain't really lived it
I take you to a block where they crippin'
Or Piru that 5'2 gun bigger than the torso of Pippen
Bitch, I been doin' it
Before you niggas ruined it, show me somethin' different
You either kissin' dick or givin' me distance
You live in a district of dime bags and dummies, I know your statistics
Who your boss? He more like my assistant
Get lost, have a egg and a biscuit
Break fast when we aimin' them biscuits
Pay cash when your chain come up missin'
Q! Q!

[ScHoolboy Q:]
Ah!
Double up, shit, what the fuck?
Get me some my promo poppin', setbacks droppin', soon they watchin'
I just lock and load explode, target flowed, I'm somewhere blowed
Marriotts and Swisher Sweets, L.A. nigga pro'bly east
Cheerin' for the ragin' beats, X O Henny scrape the keif
Banging C, I'm bangin', B, put them niggas next to me
Stop and focus, get the lead, I'm here now, let the hardest speak
Ya all them dudes got ovaries, period, run on sentence
Still I'm ventin', air conditionin', coolest breezes, ill diseases
Grip my penis, shoot my semen, still I'm comin', miles a runnin'
I was learnin' gettin' knowledge, head is throbbin', she's a goblin
We be mobbin' over bitches, stick and miss and she the business
Get a witness, pussy frenchin', just a mission
Poppin' off like on a mission, proposition, gettin' money, drop a nigga
Rush a nigga, stomp a nigga, crush a nigga, dust a nigga
Copperhead gon' thrust a nigga, heatin' up the winter, nigga
Somethin' to remember, nigga, hella sick, I got a spit
Curse with a verse like God told me kill the shit
Load the clip Heckler & Koch, the hoover king
Bada bing by the ding a ling, natural hoover
Fing ring with a vision clearin' it with Visine, Asian from Beijing
Money make her cum, she cream- feed the weak, that's Wing Stop
At the start with rain drops, autobot
Space shuttle shittin' on your car lots- boy, stop!
Could at least got a Saturn, huh? HiiiPoWer see our patent, huh?
Workin' on tracks like we never been free, 22 squeeze niggas shootin' off Cs
Please thought a nigga shot 16s
Rhyme sixteens- bada bing, bing, bing, bing.... bing

[Kendrick Lamar:]
If you want to be from HiiiPoWeR
Please come to friend zone
But don't wowwy
You will not suck on my dick tonight

// Backwards //

[Tame Impala:]
Only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead"
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling

[Kendrick Lamar:]
And we'll be screamin' out, "No rules! No rules!"
Feel the energy we go through, I told you
Pump my fist like I'm supposed to, I showed you
My vision of the unsocial is so cool
Look around me and you'll see the scene, who to blame?
See my generation has no shame, I play the game
How I see it. This is inside the future, this is nothin' that you're used to
I refuse to play the victim, my religion is to move you
Out your power position, my army head-on collision
Can't harm me out of my own skin. Government need assistance
Every time that I zone in. Nothing is more convincin'
Than tellin' you that I won't bend, break or fake partition
I can't. This is my life design. This is me taking mines
This is what I live for. This is me takin' yours
This is more than C4. This is what happens when
We're ready to build and destroy
I hope that you enjoy

[Tame Impala:]
It feels like I only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead."
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling

[Kendrick Lamar:]
I live my life a rebel, a vigilante. Devils try to get at me
Pedal through this underworld. Undertakers won't catch me
System ain't no system for justice if you would axe me
I'll tell you everything is corrupted. Don't you walk past me
With the condescended look I can tell you're pretendin'
Like you, my friends, and you're just a henchman. I feel relentless
I feel the tension in the air thick enough to cut through it
Or cut you with it. I'm cut from a cloth that bred a nuisance
Trespass on your property. I am properly aimin' to go against your democracy
This is me changing faces 'cause I can stand alone and die alone as long as I got pride
The victory of fight is all in my eyes
The night is young, and I can see your demise. I'm waitin' for it
You can't ignore it, you live dormant, I die enormous
Big as the lies you tell I can tell that you feel defeated
The truth will set you free and to me that's the only reason, capisce?

[Tame Impala:]
It feels like I only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead."
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling
It feels

// Bang Bang //

[Jay Rock:]
DJ Heat, what up?

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Hello, hit every lying clip with a Eggo
I pop more than I pop for when the cop blow
You Fruity Pebble, homosexual wearing velcro
Who gassed you up? Man, I raised the price of the petro
Killing Cali, gang bangers and GTA's
Weed and water, come and swim on a tidal wave
I'm fucked up, psychologically braindead
I once walked into a Blood group, wearing all red
Wonder why nobody's banging on me
Getting mad as fuck, then the police came
Mistaking me for a real thug, this is not a game
I'm from Compton too, shoutout to Game, give me a pair of shoes
Finna skydive off the peak of my career
Though it's not here yet, you motherfuckers still know who's best
From the murder cap, you never heard of that, okay
What about now? Clip-clip, pow, man down

It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

Who said Long Beach don't keep it hood?
Five minutes away, say you can die today if you dumbing out
Well let's just say, if you run your trout
You fucking fish get shot in the mouth
And plus your bitch get shot in the mouth
That's ejaculation, you kiss it, then you taste it
I road around with my antennas up like
Television way before the satellite
K Dot mechanisms, learn something
I could tell that you don't know nothing
By the way you carry yourself
You dumb fuck, I'm basked up and Jim Carrey myself
You better duck, bless screwed, you'll be eating through a tube
I've been fueled, that's the fucking guy
I've been fueled, that's too fucking fly
So where's my parachute, I'm 'bout to jump from the Hoover Dam
No car cue, I think I landed in the Hoover, damn
They 'bout to shoot

It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

[Jay Rock:]
I'm an East side savage, black matters bring tragics
Spray maggots, swat flies for the practice
It's a habit, laughing at you bitch ass niggas, get on my level
Heavy metal when I'm rocking in my jeans
Got a problem then I'm hopping at your team
Drop your captor for acting like he wanted the drama
Grab the llama, she baddest mama
House disrespectful, blame it on the hood I come from
Niggas cicadas, with their little babies walking with guns
Catch me walking with some
I'm double hot, I'm walking with heat that's under the sun
You blood pop, you done if you ain't got one
Better step your game up before it's over
Before you know it, you're close to showing
Sulken red, fall on the ground, you know he dead
Down for the count like an accountant
California, what you know about it?
Yeah, I'm 'bout it, 'bout it
Like Master Pete, I am the streets
Jay Rock

[Kendrick Lamar:]
It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

// Beyonce //

Man, Beyoncé, I'm mad at you
Man

They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so

I remember you were sixteen on the TV screen with Wyclef
Were you my type? Oh God, yes, I was impressed
You was like "No, no, no," I was like 12 years old
Hoping that one day I could chaperone while you were on the road
You wore braids with a bangin' body
Look like you did Pilates, a lot of sit-ups probably
But bump that, I was there from the start
Even when Latoya Luckett and that other doo-doo bucket broke your heart
Hope you didn't cry cause honestly they were just so-so
They couldn't sing anyway, you deserve to go solo
No disrespect to Kelly and Michelle, I'm just sayin' they cool
But you? You are somethin' like Wonder Woman
And I just wanna hold your hand, bring you to Compton
Gonzales Park, we can build castles in the sand
Eatin' hot Cheetos with pickle juice in it
Put that napkin down, you know I'll lick your fingers when you're finished

They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so

I just bought the Sasha Fierce CD
Gazed at the cover for a whole 5 minutes, 'til my girlfriend hit me
She jealous of you, 'cause I don't love her like I love you
I even make her do the "uh-oh, uh-oh," just like you do
She tell me I'm obsessed, I tell her we connect
Like Ice Cube way before the Mac 10 feud
She's like, "You goddamn fool, that girl's rich and you're broke"
I said, "So? I'm only 500 mil' away, there's still hope"
Anyway, I had feelings even way before you got paid
And I didn't laugh when you bust your ass on the stage
And I salute Kanye for takin' up for you
I would've stole the award just to prove that I love you
But Jay should've did that I thought he had your biz-ack
What happened, Mr. Izzo? Hopico? Fredrico?
He used to be my favorite 'til he abandoned my diva
Now I tell everybody, Nas had killed him on "Ether"

They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
Hopefully, I still have a chance
Maybe if I sabotage your man
You never know, hm

I'ma sneak backstage at a Mary J Blige concert
With an "I love Mary" shirt, then find Jay-Z
And push him into a dancer, hopefully, they lock lips
That's when I yell out, "Sounwave, hurry up take the pic!"
Put it on Bossip the same night, yeah, that sound quite right
Publicity like that? Yep, they'd be sure to fight
Better yet, I'ma steal her cell, then call up Affion
He impersonates Jay well, get Beyoncé on the line
Then make up some bogus shit, like, "You don't rub the back of my knees right
So this marriage is over with
And the ring that's on my finger? Guess what? I'm throwin' it!
Cling, you heard the sound, so you know I did"
Ha ha that should get 'em
That should break em up like a Kit Kat when I do that, yeah, true that
I'ma put the plan in motion, that's for sure
But if I end up with Macy Gray, this plan never work

Yee, man, I hope Jay don't be mad at me 'bout this song
Start-ay, Wizzle start me back from like the first verse
Like right before I come in
Ha ha, what you say? Nah, you think it'll be hot, for real though?
Nigga, you stupid, they probably laughin' as hard as you
Nigga got the best wife in the world and shit
Run that back, though

// Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe (Remix) //

[Kendrick Lamar:]
I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe

Look inside of my soul
And you can find gold and maybe get rich
Hol' up
Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks
But now my album platinum and shit, so what?
Y'all keep the numbers
I'm more than another statistic, my nigga
This courtesy of Compton (Courtesy of Compton)
Brooklyn go hard, motherfucker
Love me on the East like I'm Chuck D
Dominicans wish that I was born there
I'm lookin' to be the god MC
You look at my hat and see thorns there
I look at the game and see porn there
I'm fuckin' this industry hard
I'm bagging this money, tea-bagging your honey
You thought I was fresh out the yard
Don't cry to me dummy, you're a lightweight
They tell me you nice and I'm like "wait"
Go get me a knife, you're looking like steak
And when the stakes are high, I stake out for days
And when the water reside, you're Bobby Boucher
But we ain't thirsty nigga, never alert me, nigga
I got a P89 in a suitcase
I know you heard me, nigga, this is a burpee, nigga
Lyrical exercise, right now, homie, I'm in the extra vibe
Pipe down, on the curb, when you heard that I got these words
To the upper echelon, that's excellent (That's excellent)

I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe

[Jay-Z:]
Up in the clouds, me and my spouse
Rumors on the ground gettin' too loud
Please turn them shits down, can't hear myself think
Turbulence, shit, almost spilled my drink
In the White House with a mink
Running through that bitch like it's my house
All up in the hall like a mall
Told you motherfuckers, all I do is ball
No, I don't 'member you, I don't intend to
Empty my memory bank
It's a million dollars in it, baby, Hilary Swank
Sittin' next to Hillary smellin' like dank
Presidential pardon, name one nigga out there harder than him
I'll wait
I've been in my wave like 20 years straight
I've been on my vibe like 20 years straight
Don't fuck up my high, fuck up my high
Nights like this, I could fuck up a pie
An still be straight (still be straight)
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate
Don't waste my breath
I don't know how many moons a nigga got left
Back to this joint, smokin' this shit like I'm tryna' prove a point
I'm the highest, the highest title, numero uno
Kill my vibe, that's your motherfuckin' funeral

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Between you and me, turn eulogy to urinals, niggas pissed off
I ministered this generation by far
Leader of the new school
On my toes like a ballerina, who knew I'd be Black Swan?
World in my palms, ironically
I am the Globetrotters' best 'cause I didn't drop the ball
Told niggas when I was 16
That I'd write a 16 to put a nigga right on the big screen
In the paddy wagon with six teens
Should have been in the pen
But now my pen write with morphine
I heal niggas, touch down with more fiends
I kill niggas, audio crack, khakis to meal ticket
Cardio lap, was running for dear life
But now I'm running the map, bitch, I'm here nigga
Picture lil' ole me giving a fuck for what a fuck nigga gotta say
Nigga, you never be Jay, never be Nas, never be Snoop nor Dre
You ain't get killed in Vegas or in a Suburban
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite
So many washed up with detergent
But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose
Like blah, Mini-14 like blah
Empty out another magazine like blah
Let a young nigga get by (Doot!)
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe (Doot! Doot!)
I am the bad, the good god, the last the hood got
The last that would try to pass a good job
If Shawn's a black Beatle then I need a 10 second drum solo
Bitch see you at Woodstock, ah!

// Black Friday //

Dick hard like rottweiler
Can you handle it? Can you handle it? Woo woo, woo woo

The whole industry been in shambles
Everybody fugazi, I'm just changing the channel
Kendrick Lamar, the people's champion, I'm animal for analysts
Career damaging verses, meditating with candles lit
I like my raps extra prolific
Since free-styling on lunch tables and park benches
And I won't mention my ten thousand hours in training
While juggling, gang-banging, my balancing was tremendous
And now we look at the competition as quick submission
They tappin' out before we even get a chance to miss 'em
What this about, is it money or skill?
Maybe it's both and I got large amounts of it, it's real
You see my oath is very unbreakable, my style is never mistakable
I can see y'all incapable
To be the God MC, you know me well
Ridiculous, venomous, hate in my heart, the sinister
Run for cover, my lineage prove itself
I'm rollin' deep in that paper like two Adeles
Before scholars, I flowed tighter than virgin lips
We here to shake the game up and you're flying through turbulence
Everything is high stakes nowadays, that's how it played nowadays
It's like an 8-ball to the face nowadays
I'm laced nowadays, my gun is off the waist nowadays
It's seven figures and retainer for the case nowadays, I'm talking
Higher power, every other hour since Eddie Bauer
Since stash boxes and lead showers, breaking the padlock
And the dead coward dying a thousand deaths, entire lion
Surround itself with bears, watch it nigga, you share a profit, ah!
This is what they want, I'm the one
This is vintage from nineteen-eighty-somethin'
I'm the son of the pioneer that got you near the sun
Play with him, bitch you better off voting for Donald Trump
I'm yelling Mr. Kanye West for president
He probably let me get some head inside the residence
I'm in the White House going all out
Bumping College Dropout, God bless Americans
Nothing more influential than rap music
I merge jazz fusion with the trap music
I mix black soul with some rock and roll
They never box me in, I'm David Blaine-ing all you hoes
Oh yea, let's go there, my DNA is DMT, I'm so rare
My Juvenile was wilder than the Nolia
A locomotive couldn't track me down in my career
Runnin' this shit with four pair, son of my bitch, I might demolish
A bitch right in front ya, chico, what have you done here?
D-Bo, all of it one year, Mississippi to California
It gets annoying, niggas wanna deplore him
And bitches wanna adore him, but industry shit ain't for him
Probably thinking it's for him, only one me
Swallowed the key and kicking the door in, never leasing my foreign
Mr. Valevictorian studied the game before them
Listen to you with boredom, baby rappers, abort them
To the grave I deport them, corporations extort them
I'm snapping off my endorphins, I alien mighty morphin'
My radiance rather gorgeous, hundred bill to the doorman
Hundred mil' in my fortune, they call me back in the morning
You're racing against the tortoise, pace myself it's important
Lace myself with the wisdom my playerism enormous
So pay the man for performance, saucy all of my garments
Jimi Kendrix performing, this fucking studio haunted (Ah!)
I tell a bitch don't sweat me (Don't sweat me)

I kill this whole fuckin' beat if Cole let me (Please Cole)
Ib should've never sent the instrumental
Every time I start writing I get sentimental
This shit is just not fair
But why the fuck should I care?
The story of your life here
Two young stars was born and y'all gon' die here
Oh Lord, gotta be the yams
Billboard list need 2Pac, damn
But number 9 makes sure he lives on, yeah
Hoochie, coochie, pussies in a trance
Every day a celebration, but even the valley peaking me
Is not validation, nigga this TDE
And my doggies be salivating, salaries, better ratings
And casualties all around me, don't make me do demonstrations
Whoa
Murder my allegations and burning my finger traces
Adjourning my power patience and earning royalty payments
I'm sorry y'all not relating, this party is reservated

I kill this whole mutherfucking beat if J. Cole say it
My nigga Ib chopped the instrumental, I gotta slay it

I gotta lay it, gotta show you fuckers I'm not to play with
The ruckus had been my favorite, King Kunta the fuckin' greatest
Whoa
Burnin' my leather-
(Nah I'm just fuckin' with you)

// Cartoons & Cereal //

I wanna hit line drives
Wanna lose weight and keep eating
For you
Hey. What's up, doc?

Now I was raised in a sandbox next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I-I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now 'cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, yeah blow
And I run it, yeah blow

That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y Yeah! Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)

[Gunplay:]
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, motherfucker, hope y'all amused

And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, yeah blow
And I run it, yeah blow

That's ironic

...situation
Liberation...leader
Popular pie plant pictured here
Wile E. Coyote! Wile E. Coyote!

[Kendrick Lamar:]
This shit make a nigga just wanna write
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite
Apple Jacks, and after that I hit the TV Guide
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
I'm a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied
Tell a story that I'll never grow to 25
Not to worry, every warrior will come and see euphoria
And that's a covenant I put on every tribe
Ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe
Nobody gon' abide by (by) your rule
Nobody holding your gun, how come, your tongue say "killer" then kill my mood?
Light-speed living in the world you know
Little old me feeling like a live wire
Bet I put some new tires on a lightening bolt
'Til I wreck into a pole, like a right to vote
I am from the bottom of the jungle
Living in the bottom of the food chain
When you get a new chain, nigga take it from you
A new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look alike
Hope another homicide don't numb you a nun
Do things we'll never learn soon
In the era where we wanna earn soon
That's a error, you can smell it in the air
Everybody really doomed
That's why I'm backdooring you motherfuckers
All ya'll can suck my dick
All them days at the county building
I'm 'bout to make my momma rich
Cartoons and (cereal)
I ain't felt this (good since)
Scrooge McDuck (here we go)
Elementary hood shit

Now I was raised in a sandbox next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I-I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now 'cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, yeah blow
And I run it, yeah blow

That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y-yeah! Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)

[Gunplay:]
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, motherfucker, hope y'all amused

And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, blow blow blow blow
And I run it, yeah blow
And I run it, yeah blow

That's ironic

[Kendrick Lamar:]
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'm 'a aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
AKs for the whole hood
House lick went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
Overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Darkwing Duck, lost service
Mama said I'd better duck, she's nervous
Drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no gun machine
This block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everybody corner (dash for it)
Get a toe tag, when you play tag with a task of a new (task force)
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it (past yours)
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since (I asked for it)
Cartoons and cereal

Now I was raised in a sandbox next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I-I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now 'cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it

[Gunplay:]
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth just for you
Motherfucker hope y'all amused!
I did wrong, karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends, enemies all the same
State, fed, both can hang
Nobody can mute me, but I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money, don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart, face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah this me, no mic
No cameras, no lights, just pain
Mama how much trauma can I sustain?
Dirty money come with lots of stains
Road to riches come with lots of lanes
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit got lots to gain
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit got lots to gain

Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit got lots to gain

(To be continued)

// Cloud 10 //

When the sun fall out the sky
All I have is me in the land of do or die
A freeway, a gas pedal, and a peace of mind
Now, that's the ultimate high
To the cloud I go, cloud I go
One time, baby tell me ya need me
Cloud I go, cloud I go
Two time, baby tell me ya love me

'Cause I've been drinking too much, thinking too much
We ain't been keeping in touch
Fell into lust, where is the love?
My independency got tendencies of lack of trust
I look at the street corners as my new woman
Seductive as she want to be, hands all on my garments
And luckily, being in denial ain't the case
'Cause I know she's unfaithful
Instead I'm grabbing her waist
And every part of her is tasteful
I know you're feelings hating
In fact, you think I'm ungrateful I know
Selfish as I wanna be and every time you under me
I get the vibe you might need some time to grow

When the sun fall out the sky
All I have is me in the land of do or die
A freeway, a gas pedal, and a peace of mind
Now, that's the ultimate high
To the cloud I go, cloud I go
One time, baby tell me ya need me
Cloud I go, cloud I go
Two time, baby tell me ya love me

'Cause I been drinking too much, thinking too much
We ain't been keeping in touch
And every time that I think of your touch
Adrenaline pump, give me that rush
I'm going like a thief inside the wind
Lord forgive me for my sins
I know she want me more, but I fiend for Benjamins
She said I found the root of all evil
And lost a friend
Lost in the world of a young boy from Compton
That never knew love because love was never promised
I know selfish as I wanna be
And every time I'm under you, me too
Need time to grow

When the sun fall out the sky
All I have is me in the land of do or die
A freeway, a gas pedal, and a peace of mind
Now, that's the ultimate high
To the cloud I go, cloud I go
One time, baby tell me ya need me
Cloud I go, cloud I go
Two time, baby tell me ya love me

// Don't Don't Do It! //

[Pharell Williams:]
It makes no difference in this life
Up and ups just fine
Gonna up and up this life
Til' we go down on our luck
It makes no difference in this life
Up and ups just fine
Gonna up and up this life
Til the lid gets stuffed
Lifting up, lifting up
Lifting up, lifting up
Coming down, coming down
Coming down, coming down
Wake them up, wake them up
To the sound

They tell you pull over, tell you get out your car
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
They wanna see your legs hooked up to your arms
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it

We were going home
Waiting for the kids
Schoolbus to arrive
They're gonna do it anway
Where'd you put the keys?
Wait, is that your phone?
Got a TBI
Wait, is that police?
Get out for what?
I'm not your guy
They're gonna do it anway
Look behind the trees
Tryna to tell you don't
They're about to fire

They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway

They tell you pull over, tell you get out your car
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
They wanna see your legs hooked up to your arms
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it

Whoa Ferguson, Oh Baltimore
Raleigh, North Carolina
They're gonna do it anway
Wisconsin, Tulsa, Oklahoma
Cleveland, Ohio
Montgomery, Baton Rouge, Cincinnati car
Dayton, Ohio
They're gonna do it anway
New Jersey, Phoenix, Minnesota
South Carolina
They gonna do it anway

They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway

[Kendrick Lamar:]
You better Duckworth fast for the millennia'
Don't stare, don't laugh at the media
Brakes free, press gas when he enter ya'
Don't let it go bad when he ante up
Highway, get out the way
Black man can't find escape
Pac-man wanna prosecute you, raise your hand up, then he shoot ya'
Face off, face up Adolf Hitler
Grandkids slayed off
Niggas, same rules, same chalk
Different decade, same block
Keep focus, you wanna get caught with your eyes open
You wanna stand clear of the prognosis
Problem hoping, watch demotion
Watch em' close enough
Don't let the holster break or roast ya'
Roller coast ride that bitch
Soon the lady's eyes gon' switch
You know Cali got that itch
How many more of us gotta see the coroner
Slain by the same badge, stop, wait, break, fast!

[Pharrell Williams:]
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it

// Don't Understand //

His eyes bloodshot red
I watched him as he took a fifth of Henny to the head in memory of his brother
Reminiscin' on them playing Sega with each other
He was hurtin', I could see it, plenty tears, no Kleenex
I stood by his side because that was my homie
Gave him a hug, some of his brother's blood got on me
Clinchin' his fist on some angry shit
Stood up, sat back down on the curb and asked me who they be hangin' with
I wasn't sure, so I gave him no answer
But I was sure that he had him a blammer and wanted war
Revenge, what do you say to a good friend
That just lost it and grabbin' choppers out of the closet?
I tried my best to make him re-neg
But he was like, "My nig, this feelin' is more than personal."
I stood down
He hopped in a four-door Honda Accord
Before he bent the block, he said, "K-Dot
...You wouldn't understand."

(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice, but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
Or, at least, try to understand
(The city pressure
The AK-47, twin MAC-11s
The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons
Pray for me, oh woe)

Corners become monuments for the dead
Candles on the pavement, postcard read
Rest in peace, the yellow tape blockin' off the streets
A baby mama yellin' at the police
But you don't understand
You figure that we're just a bunch of niggas but the picture here's a story untold
See, this wasn't in our plans
Babies from the late eighties wasn't born crazy, we was raised that way
Put that Malcolm X book down, then raise that K
Complete chaos when we off X pills and St. Ides
Look the devil in the face, from a sane eye
Cast the spell on you like Akeelah and the Bee
Every killer in the street is a teen with a corrupted mind
Substance, time, is no longer an issue
We don't have it, so pass the tissue
Then close the casket, kiss the momma when you can
And tell her you understand, but you don't understand

(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice, but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
And, hopefully, you'll understand
(The city pressure
The AK-47, twin MAC-11s
The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons
Pray for me, oh woe)

He came back fifteen minutes later
He said, "Dot, I went on one, do me this favor
Dump these guns in a safe place, let nobody see you
This as critical as it gets, my nigga, I need you."
I said, "Alright, so what happened?"
"Seen a few niggas slippin' and I just started clappin'
I didn't care who I was hittin'."
That's wild shit, but anyway, I got you
I love you nigga make sure you hit me up by tomorrow
I woke up the next mornin' with a cold
Allergies got me sneezin' and wipin' my nose when it was leaking
Checked the medicine cabinet, lookin' for some DayQuil
But all I seen was some Aspirin, s'just my luck
I got up, went to Rite-Aid
Hopin' that the pharmacy department had the right aid
I bought it and left
Walked to the parking lot, that's when I seen the faces of death
Said they was lookin' for my man, with a chopper in their hand
Prayin' it would jam, but you don't understand

(These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice, but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me, oh woe)
I'm tellin' you, do you understand?
(The city pressure
The AK-47, twin MAC-11s)
Huh? Do you understand?
(The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons
Pray for me, oh woe)

It's like
It's a revolving door
That I've been a part of
My whole life
Fucked up, right?

// Family Ties //

[Baby Keem:]
Jump in that— (Huh, huh), summon that bitch
Jump in that— (Huh, huh), jump in that fire, jump in that bitch
Hittin' that fire, jump in that whip, thumbin' that bitch
Cum in that bitch (Ho), drummin' that— (Huh, huh)
Drummin' that bitch (Yeah)

Chopper doin' circles, it's a Vert', Vert'
Take him to the party, he's a nerd (Pop out)
I see niggas hit corners in the motherfuckin' 'burbs, huh (Pop out)
Done politickin' with the competition, what's the word? (Yeah)
Put that on my mama, nigga, eight in the process
Niggas tryna tippy-toe through the progress
Tongue-tied when the truth is an object
What's the pros and the cons of this next check?
Wasn't nobody 'round, I was independent
In the 90s, sittin' bum with the windows tinted
Heard a bum got a strap in the party
Who the fuck lays out niggas at the party?
Beat 'em up, beat 'em up, beat 'em up, beat 'em up (Ah)
I was seein' double in the projects
Mad at myself when I put it to the side
Mama had to cater for the coupe
That we rode after school on the way to Popeyes
And niggas wanna play both sides
It's a red dot, don't get on the wrong red eye
It's a headshot, Damien Kane, Woo
Them guys
Fuck around and bury two of them guys
I'm OD in Paris, I'm OD in France
I thought that I told you, I need the advance
Put down your IG and look through my lens
A million to grandma, who did I offend?
The girl of your dreams to me is a fan
I netted ten million and did a lil' dance
I'm fuckin' the world, I unzip my pants
My uncle G told me that I had a chance
So then I popped out and did it again
And did it again and did it again
I can not respect them, where did he begin?
Advice from the council, let nobody in
Been swervin' through rumors
Avoidin' the trends and duckin' the hoes
I'm duckin' the loonies that come with the shows
I'm grateful to Man-Man, he opened up doors
And bung' on the tour bus to come and compose
I reach to the stars on my tippy toes
This greatest success where most niggas fold
I tell you my past, that shit don't get old
But how could you ask like I don't be writin' my raps?
These critics got everyone tapped
You gotta relax, the city where nobody sleep
Just tap in and ask where I'm at, ho

[Kendrick Lamar:]
Smoking on your top five tonight, tonight
Yeah, I'm smokin' on your, what's her name, tonight, tonight
Smokin' on you, shores, ain't two-nine, yeah, two

I am the omega, pgLang, Rollie gang, SIE
Don't you address me unless it's with four letters
I thought you'd known better
I been duckin' the pandemic, I been, social gimmicks
I been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah
I'm not a trending topic, I'm a—
Hold on, y'all niggas playin' with me, man
I am the omega, pgLang, Rollie gang, SIE
Don't you address me unless it's with four letters
Bitch, I thought you'd known better
I been duckin' the pandemic, I been duckin' the social gimmicks
I been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah
I'm not a trending topic, I'm a prophet
I answer to Metatron and Gabriel
Bitch, looking for a better me
I am a legacy, I come from the seventy
The Al Green offspring, guns and the melody
The big shot, wrist on cryotherapy
Soon as I press that button
Nigga better get right like the ambulance comin'
Us two on a light, Keem been through nothin'
Dave Free got at least one B in the oven
I'm trippin', I'm juugin', my mental is amazing, brother
Pop off, only on occasions, brother
Rich nigga, momma know I made it, brother
Go figure, never caught cases, brother
Face it, brother, gracious brother
New flows comin', be patient, brother
Show my ass and take yall to class
I can multitask like Megan, brother
2021, I ain't takin' no prisoner
Last year, y'all fucked up all the listener
Who went platinum? I call that a visitor
Who the fuck backin' 'em? All been falsified
The facts mean this a vaccine, and the game need me to survive
The Elohim, the rebirth
Before you get to the Father, you gotta holla at me first, bitch
Smokin' on top fives
Motherfuck that album, fuck that single
Burn that hard drive (Burn that shit)
Ain't nobody safe
When I come up killin' everybody that's outside (Who you with?)
Yeah, Kanye changed his life
But me, I'm still an old school Gemini (Lil' bitch)
Let me jump in this bitch

[Baby Keem:]
Let me jump in this bitch
Two phones, but I only bring one in this bitch
[Kendrick Lamar:]
One daughter, but they all my sons in this bitch
[Baby Keem:]
No hoes, ain't shit gettin' done in this bitch
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I'm scary, I got a gun in this bitch
Smokin' on top fives, stop playin', I'm that guy
[Baby Keem:]
Number two DM'ing my bitch
That's cool, I don't ask why

// For The Girlfriends //

Abazaba

You know we get in the studio and do what we do best
You know
Beautiful shit
But this time around I wanna do something different homeboy
You feel me my nig
Hop on them keys real quick my nig

Play some shit that my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
Play some shit that my girlfriend'll like
Yea ha ha ha yea
This shit my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
I'm playing shit that my girlfriend'll like

Check me out
She say she love it when it sounds like this
She tell me Kendrick put it down like this
When I listen I wanna close my eyes
And feel your lips
Let your lyrics wrap around me and grab my hips
So enticing
On point like the helmet of a viking
Kicking up dust like I'm hiking
I ain't calling a woman a bitch on this one
I be calling my woman so I could get some
She fresh off work and Lord knows it was hard
She take off her shirt and Lord knows that I'm hard
Composing myself, tryna remain content
She had a long day and plus I know she wanna vent
Now she could talk about her boss and I can give advice
Or she could take the panties off and I could eat the pie, pie
Fuck that, option number deuce
On the kitchen table while I play this tune
You know why?

This shit my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
I'm playing shit my girlfriend'll like
Ha ha ha yea
This shit my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
Aba, this shit my girlfriend'll like my nigga

Look

We be in the car, bumpin' my latest jam
I recorded at the studio around 10 PM
It's a club banger
Catchy hooks and 808s
I even threw a bridge on it just to play it safe
The first eight bars, she's lovin' the track
Even rewinding it back
Soon as the beat drop
The way she react she like, "That's hot."
'Til I start talkin' 'bout how many hoes I got
How many I fucked
How many I've misled just to get a nut
Like a squirrel, in pursuit of lunch
Uh
Though I'm on some cliché rapper shit
I know she thinking are my lyrics that accurate
She's so cool doe
Don't downplay her just to fuck up the mood yo
She'll still play it even though I sound rude yo
And disregards to the provocative records
One thing that I do know

This something my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain them other hoes tonight
I'm playing something that my girlfriend'll like
Told you that my girlfriend'll like
Other hoes tonight
Soul

This something my girlfriend'll like too
Kendrick I got you

This a great idea
This'll be my girlfriend's joint right here
So I'mma kick the shit she like
It seem right
Like a pair of jeans that fit tight
Around her cute booty
I like to hold her from behind in line
At the movies
Her body language gets read
Like a ruby
'Cause she a work-a-art
No help from Julie
I'mma beast and she such a beauty
I love her, she know that, I place no one above her
Far from an arc, but best undercover
Kodak moment every time we in sync
Like a iPod plugged to a USB
It's just you and me
I mean me and her
I mean her and I
It's plain to see, affirmative
So if you ever need me
You know where Herbert is
On her mind
Like she on mine
Uh
Play some shit my girlfriend'll like
'Cause I ain't tryna entertain them other hoes tonight
She do music too, this shit my girlfriend'll write
If she was me talking 'bout her
DJ

Play some shit that my girlfriend'll like
I ain't tryna entertain them other hoes tonight
I wrote some shit that my girlfriend'll like
Now I'm sure to get some cuddy

