Album: BlackCaesar

// Down And Out In New York City //

Say brother, can I borrow a thin, brother
You know, a dime?
Say, say, say, sis
Sure would like to some dimes for me
So I can get this cup of coffee
Cop me a snack or something
I guess I better quit trying to be hip and get on down
Hey man, like, you know....

I was born in New York City on a Monday
It seems I was out shining shoes by Tuesday noon
All the fat cats, in the bad hats doing me a real big favor
Got the fat cats, in the bad hats laying it on real good

"Here's a dime, boy. Give me a shine, boy."

When the cold wind comes, it lives at New York City
And the street's no place to be but there you are
So you try hard, or you die hard
No one really gives a good damn
You try hard, and you die hard
No one gives a damn

"Here's a dime boy. Give me a shine, boy."
Down and out in New York City
Ain't nowhere to be, but where can you go?
When you're down and out in New York City

I'm never, never, never gonna get that way again
No, no, no
No, no, not me
When you need a friend...
Need to have a...
When you want a friend...

Going to get myself together until the morning
Going to leave it all like one bad dream
All the fat cats in the bad hats doing me a real big favor
Got the fat cats in the bad hats laying it on real good

"Here's a dime, boy. Give me a shine, boy
Give me a shine, boy."

Down and out, New York City
Ain't nowhere to be. Where can you go?
When you're down and out in New York City
Said I'm never never never gonna get that way again
No, no, no, no, not me
When you need a friend, troubled mind
When you need a friend, you got a troubled mind
Ain't nobody going to give you one thin dime
Friends can be cruel--sometimes can be sweet
But what, what bugs a man, what hurts a man
When you give him a drink
Just can't get nothing to eat
That's New York City

A Hundred and Twenty-Five Street
Bricks, Eighth Avenue

// The Boss //

1, 2, get down

Paid the cost to be the boss
Paid the cost to be the boss
I paid the cost to be the boss

Look at me you know what you see
You see a bad mother
Look at me you know what you see
You see a bad mother

Paid the cost to be the boss
Paid the cost to be the boss

Look at me you know what you see
You see a bad mother
Look at me you know what you see
You see a bad mother

Told you so!
Told you so!
Having fun, got money to burn
Having fun, got money to burn
Having fun, got money to burn
Having fun, got money to burn

Paid the cost to be the boss
Paid the cost to be the boss
I paid the cost to be the boss

Cross the tracks (uh), turned my back
Cross the tracks (uh), turned my back

Paid the cost to be the boss

I'm a bad mother, I'm a bad mother
Head for the turn around
Head for the turn around
Told you so!

Paid the cost to be the boss

// Make It Good To Yourself //

Ow!

I can't stand it when you hold my man
I can't stand it when you call me a natural born lover man
I can't love you when say, "Baby, please don't go"
I don't to, baby, 'cause I want some more
I said love me, baby, love me like you never, never never did before
Kiss me, squeeze, me, huh, make me want some more
'Cause you know that I need ya, ha
You know I need ya
You know that I need ya
You know that I, that I, that I, I said I need ya
Hey, I need ya
Now, band, can you make dirty? Can you make it burn, band?
Can you make it funky? Can you, can you, ah...

Come on down
Ha, get it, band, come on, do it
Band, tell me can you make it funky funk
Come on, band, can you...
Will you make it funky if you know you got the funky song?
Baby, baby baby baby baby baby baby baby, please don't go
I can't stand it when you touch my heart
I can't stand it 'cause I need a brand new start
I said my body's warm, temperature's going up
Got to, got to...
Baby, baby baby, baby baby
Woman, woman, woman, woman, woman such a good thing
I said woman, you a good thing
Said woman, you a good thing
Woman, you a good thing
Woman, you a good thing
Woman, you a good thing
Woman, ha

Tell me do you love me so, come on, get it
Tell me that you know you want my lovin'
Tell me can you want me, do it, do you love me?
Make it funky 'cause you love me 'cause I'm
Baby, can you make it funky now?
Baby, can you make it funky now?
Do it like you wanna do it
Do it like you wanna do it when you need it
Tell me do you want it, said do you need it
Tell me do you want it now
Tell me do you need it now, tell me
Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
Tell me, hey
Tell me do you want it, do you need it
I need ya, I need ya, I need ya, I, I, I...

// Mama Feelgood //

I'm Mama Feelgood, I'm Mama Feelgood

I can make my lover reach for the stars when the sun is out
And I can make my man forget what he's thinkin' about
Now when my lover gotta have it, he don't need a thriller
But if he wants some lovin', I can be a painkiller

In other words what I'm tryin' to say is don't be a teaser
Be a love pleaser, be a love pleaser

Be a love pleaser, forget about the others and all the rest
Whatever you be, gotta be the best

It's time for everybody to get ahold to yourself
You see life is too short and I'm afraid we just don't have enough time left
'Cause that's why they call me Mama Feelgood, 'cause I do my thang
And I'm telling you it's about time you started doing it too

I can make my lover reach for the stars when the sun is out
Men, let me hear you say somethin'
Guitar, let me hear you spank it

I can take a four dollar dress and let off the funky heels
I can look plump and if he wants I can look slim

I'm Mama Feelgood, Mama Feelgood I'm Mama Feelgood
I'm Mama Feelgood, Feelgood, Mama Feelgood, Feelgood

I can pull up this suit, do anything, yes I can
And I can stand behind him and make him feel like a man
He knows I can, and that makes him even more of a man

I'm Mama Feelgood, Mama Feelgood

// Mama's Dead //

Mama's dead, never again would she hold my hand
Never again to hear her call my name
How I miss it much more than I show, I miss it, oh
My mama's dead
No one to talk to when I'm, when I'm feeling low
No one understand me when I, when I go too far
I need help, help, what will I do without help?
She tried so hard to make me a respectable man
She didn't really know me and she didn't really understand
She worked like a slave and prayed hard everyday
What did I do for her? My way was not her way
But now she's gone, her troubles are over, the pain is gone
I wish, I had made her proud to call me son
Because I love her more than she knows
More than she knew I love her
No one to cry, no one to sit by the bed side
No one to watch the light in my window
No one, no one to come in
Come in and pull the cover over my head at night
No one to say, son, everything will be alright
No one to say, somebody up there loves us
Lay your head on mama's breast and rest, yeah
Everybody got a mother and you know what I'm talking about
Mama's dead, mama's dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead

// Like It Is, Like It Was //

New York City's alright, but I wanna go home
Let me tell you, I wanna go home
Is it alright if a man need to go home?
I don't believe you understand me, I wanna go home
Let me be proud of where I came from when I go home
I know he wanna go home
I know he wanna go home
Hey hey, let me go home
Let me go home

I remember Memphis Slim said, feelin' lowdown, act like a clown
I really don't know what to do, what to do
Feelin' so blue, just thinking of you
You didn't think I could do that, did you, fam?
I wonder just where you could be, you could be
Feelin' so blue, just messing around with the blues
With the blues, with the blues, with the blues, with the blues
With the blues

Haha, you know, let me remind you that the fellas
We say we're down and out in New York City
We're down and out in New York City...
[scatting with piano]

So long, oh, I hate to see you go
So long, oh, I hate to see you go

