Album: SexMachineToday

// Sex Machine Part I And Part II //

YOW! Sex machine!

Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Stay on the scene (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Get up, yeah yeah (Get on up)
Yeah yeah yeah (Get on up)
Stay on the scene (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Wait a minute!

Take your arm, yeah, then use your form
Stay on the scene like a sex machine
I said do the bump, huh, I said shake your rump
And stay on the scene like a sex machine
I said do the bump, and then shake your rump
And then stay on the scene like a sex machine
The way I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it
The way I like it is the way it is, yeah yeah yeah
Don't worry 'bout his, got to, got to
I said the way I like it, yeah yeah yeah, is the way it is
Don't worry 'bout mine, and don't forget his
Just stay on the scene like a lovin' machine
Stay on the scene, stay on the scene like a lovin' machine

Now won't you get up (Get on up), get on, get on (Get on up)
Get up, get up, yeah (Get on up)
Can I get up? (Get on up)
Get up, yeah yeah (Get on up), get on up (Get on up)
Then stay on the scene, stay up (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Wait a minute!

Shake your arm, yeah, then use your form
Stay on the scene like a lovin' machine
Don't check the sweat, check out the discotheque
Don't check the sweat, get at the discotheque
I'm buying into the discotheque
I got ants in my pants and I need to dance
And I'm buying a discotheque
I got ants in my pants and I need to dance
And I'm buying a discotheque
I can do the bump, huh, watch her shake her rump
I said beep beep, I guess I'll get that
Ain't it funky now? (Yeah)
Ain't it funky now? (Oh yeah)
Way down funky now
Ain't it funky now?
I got cornbread funk, molasses funk, yeah (Greasy funk)
Gravy funk, yeah, biscuit funk (Just nasty funk)
Biscuit funk (It's groovy funk)
Greasy funk (Grits and funk)
Add a little funk (Gravy funk)
Wait a minute
I said lima beans, don't make me mean
COME HERE, woman, show your move, yeah yeah yeah
Shake me to death, then, then make me groove

Now won't you get up (Get on up), Fred (Get on up)
Fred, I see one standing way over there
Now, how you like 'em, Fred? (I like 'em long and tall so I can look at 'em)
Oh, you like to look up? (You know I gotta look up)
How you like 'em, Maceo? (Strong and lovely)
UH! You like hairy legs, or you like very legs? Ah-ha-ha
How you like 'em, Pinck? (Memphis)
What he say? (Memphis)
Mem - oh, don't get so low, brother, before you flow, I mean, go
How you like 'em? (I like 'em pleasingly plump)
Well, don't get too deep in there, that's my thing over there
He tryna get over the hump but he get a greasy rump
Now, now, I don't know what you - he think I'ma go to him
You've been in love, I ain't gon' ask you nothin'
I don't care if you don't like 'em, but brother, how you like 'em?
(Showin' they're super fine) That could be anything
How you usually like 'em, Crimes? You can't play the fever
How you like 'em? (I like 'em ready to go)
Yeah, I see that, yeah, I see, I think he finna get on the corner
Yeah, he gon' put it in business, Crimes gon' put me in business
I like it like that, ah ah, I like it like that when I walk, yeah yeah yeah
I gotta tell you how I like
You don't want me to tell you how I like 'em (I know how you like 'em)
How you think I like 'em? (Hahaha)
Yeah, Lord (Very hairy on the backside)
No, I don't mean no, I don't mean no harm
But you see, you see, I like all kinda things but, uh
When I ride, I wanna glide
I want an easy ride, I need cushion in my ride
And make me glide, and have my stride when I glide
I like 'em fat like that
UH! How you like 'em, Jab?
He said 'Meaty'...
Oh, meaty, he's greedy
Wait a minute
Get on, won't you get up and (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
You know what? You heard that thing about them coming back from the dead?
I thought you done come out the way and come back from the dead on me
I started to say, 'Come on up, young Bobby'
Now says, get up (Get on up)
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
Wait a minute, Fred, come on and show how much soul you got
They don't think you got soul, let's get down
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
You know you done took Bobby's thing
You got Bobby's thing, you swear you ain't gon' sing it all the way
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Wait a minute, we need to go to the bridge
'Cause I got this woman here
She wanna get down, she wanna talk that thang
But when I get on the serious side - see, I'm serious as cancer
I'm serious as cancer, Jack
I'm more direct than a heart attack
I'm sure lovin' the cape...Jack
I need to go to the bridge 'cause I gotta tell her something
I'm going to the bridge, fellas
I'm going to the bridge
I don't need no hits, just take me there

Settle down, uh
Baby - now, can I tell her about it, Maceo?
I'ma tell her now, she ain't got, she ain't got nothin' on me
Wait a minute!
Mama, come here quick, and bring that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, bring that lickin' stick, yeah
Mama, come here quick, yeah, and bring that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, huh, bring me that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, hey hey, and bring that lickin' stick
I don't want no mess, good God, I just can't stand the jive
If you give me that mess, then woman, don't you know
You gotta get a 9 to 5
Now, baby, come here quick, uh, bring that lickin' stick
I want you to come here quick, won't you bring me that lickin' stick
I may be Donald Duck, good God, but I ain't no Mickey Mouse
If you don't give up the thing I want, I'm gonna put it in somebody's house
Washing dishes, uh
I said come here, come here quick, yeah yeah, bring that lickin' stick
Baby, you know, every time you think you got me down, let me tell you something else, ha
You done got sick, you done slick too quick
You think you opened my nose, but if I don't give it up, give it up
I'll start charging close
Mama, come here quick, ha, bring that lickin' stick
Maceo! Bring your lickin' stick, get down!

Wait a minute!
There's Pinck, there's Jimmy, and over here is Crimes
And I'ma send Fred 'cause I think he wanna play
No, you don't play on the this here, Fred (No, I don't play this)
You play on this? You gon' play your drum?
I need some horns
Can we give the horns some? (Go ahead)
Can we give the horns some? (Yeah)
Give the horns some (Yeah)
Them boys, they gotta rip
Give the horns some - horns player, play your horn!

Wait a minute!
You cats playing so good
They're playing so good I gotta get them to try it one more time
I want them to go to the top, and bring me back down the line
Fred Thomas, can I get you to put it one top one more time?
Boy, you sure is working tonight
Fred, put it on the top, from the beginning, G
We're going to the top, Jimmy
Sweet Charlie, Sweet Charlie, baby
Sweet Charlie, baby; Sweet Charlie, baby
J.G., we're going to the top, on the top of this machine, from the top
It's gonna make more hits, horn hits

Can I say it? (Go'n say it, say it)
Smokin'!
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)

// I Feel Good //

Wow, I feel good
I knew that I would, now
I feel good
I knew that I would, now
So good, so good, I got you

Wow, I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
So nice, so nice, I got you

When I hold you in my arms
I know that I can't do no wrong
And when I hold you in my arms
My love won't do you no harm

And I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
So nice, so nice, I got you

When I hold you in my arms
I know that I can't do no wrong
And when I hold you in my arms
My love can't do me no harm

And I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
I feel nice
Like sugar and spice
So nice, so nice, I got you

Wow, I feel good
I knew that I would, now
I feel good
I knew that I would
So good, so good, I got you
So good, so good, I got you
So good, so good, I got you

Hey!
Oh-whoo!

// Problems //

YOW! Sex machine

Problems all the time
Nothing but problems all the time
If it ain't one thing, it's another

Up in the morning, with the sun
Work all day, 'til the people come
Pictures of a coal job in my hand
Lord have mercy on a working man
If ain't one thing (If it ain't one thing)
It's another (It's another)
If ain't one thing (If it ain't one thing)
It's another (It's another)

My pay goes down, taxes up
I drink my tea, yeah, from a broken cup
Between my woman and, Uncle Sam
I ain't got no answer, I wonder whose fool I am

Problems all the time
(Working through a lotta problems all the time)
Problems, yeah yeah, all the time (All the time)
All the time now, na na na, ha (All the time)
Got a, got a, got problems, yeah yeah, all the time (All the time)
HO! (All the time)

Take me, my woman treat all right, yeah
Tomorrow, we gotta fuss and fight
If it ain't one thing, it's another
If it ain't one thing, yeah yeah, it's another
If it ain't one thing, it's another
If it ain't one thing, it's another, wait
(If it ain't one thing) Say it (It's another)
Pay goes down, tax goes up
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
Taking a beating from a broken cup, doing bad
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
Between my woman and, Uncle Sam
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
Sometimes I got to wonder whose damn fool I am
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
Problems, problems, hey
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
Problems, problems
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
If it ain't one thing, I said that it's another
(If it ain't one thing, it's another)
If it ain't one thing...

// Dead On It //

Fellas, seems like (Yeah)
Seems like everybody tried to count us out
I admit we wasn't as funky as we used to be but we was trying harder
We was thinking about Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Tchaikovsky, Brahms
But maybe shoulda had a little bit more Brown
And maybe this time they'll know where we're coming from
'Cause we had to come back and teach the newcomers something
Charles, Sweet Charles from Nashville, Johnny Cashville
I can tell you don't know Charley Pride
Do you know him? (Yeah, I know him)
Oh, you do know him, alright
I'm not gonna name all these North Carolina boys, Georgia fellas
'Cause I'd have to start with myself
But you know what? We got a lotta veterans up now, Brother Maceo, Sinclair, Jimmy Nolan
But I'm not gonna forget Jimmy Parker
Now, when we're finished with this session, they'll know where the funk come from
Every time I look, I hear the radio, I hear The J.B.'s or a little James Brown
Cat even say "Good God"
That's alright, I don't care
They don't ever give me no royalties, and when they get on the different shows
They say, "Yeah, I put it all together by myself"
They'll say "James Brown," that's all they got to ask and everything would be alright
But that's alright, I'll take that
Yeah, 'cause I'm sayin' it loud
But we gon' get on down 'cause reality don't ever lie
'Cause I got backup and kick just enough
Now, when I kick it off, Jab', it seems like we got to re-
Seems like we got to continue, show 'em that we, how can I say that
That we're still hungry
Hit it, Jab

Yeah, Lord, uh
Y'all must be happy
Get down!

Huh, we home now
Funky D
Greasy D
Nasty D
Dirty D (Funky D)
The alley D (Get down D)
Moonshine D (Funky D)
Stankin' D (Cornbread D)
Funky D (Hometown D)
The Georgia D (...D)
Florida D, ha (...D)
Carolina D (Mississippi D)
I mean North Carolina D (South Carolina D)
Haha...
I mean Mobile D (Boston D)
Uh, ha, Lord
Sho' is good, ain't it?
OW!

Maceo! Maceo!
If you had to play right here, what would you play?
Cool it, Cheese

Wait a minute
Cat sound good you can't get him to slow down
I'm going over to the clavinet
Oh, I got to play some clavinet
I got to play some clavinet
Excuse me, Charlie, while I blow

Maceo!

Maceo, I'ma give myself a big round of applause then I'ma get back to you
Thank you
Yeah, I'm going to the synthesizer before I'm through
Now, I wanna get down again then I'm going to Fred
I mean, can I get up, 'cause we done got down
Get up (Get up), get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up), Get up (Get on up)
Get up

Fred, we're cool in this thing 'cause you get down really
I think you're ready to get down
Fellas, play easy
Doin' the do

Wait a minute, Fred
Now, what if, what if we just play one more little horn riff right down, real low...

