// Simba //

Straight out The Villle and I made it,
Like a villian I'm hated
I see'em gillin, I ate it though
Fien'n to blow inflatable, That's undebatable (ugh)
I'm givin niggas food for thought, the flow is cater yo
I'm never faded though,
Haters wanna see me broke, but me and the doe related hoe!
It's like my only son, where I go, he come!
niggas dumb to be braggin bout that stupid shit
Nah I don't stunt on niggas, I show'em how to do this shit
I'm somethin like the light-skin version of the very same baby that The Virgin Mary raised
That's word to everything!
nigga life a scary game but I'm playin
You sucka nigga lie in everything that ya sayin
Shame on ya'll, you tryna ball with the game on pause
Ay nigga pull the thing on ya'll, ya'll stain ya'll draws
fuck you niggas, but this ain't raw dog
I got protection, lethal weapons, and they aim on ya'll
I'm like the man on mars; I'm high as hell
Watch me blow like I exhale I excel in this rap shit,
Cause ya'll spittin that wack shit
And every nigga suddenly be rappin bout that trap shit
So while you niggas copy cat the cats who made classics
I just massacre the streets, I'm a master of the beats and the rhymes
I'm rappin for the freaks and the dimes and shine like a mothafuckin diamond,
You shine like a mothafuckin dime
That's word to my mom
I don't mind if you niggas hate
Just know you hatin on that nigga, nigga get it straight
I'm spittin hungry like ain't shit up on my dinner plate
The kind a flow that make a nigga hyper-ventilate (ugh)
See let me demonstrate, I grew up with nothin, it hurt me to see my mother poor
The only pops a nigga ever seen around was Huckstable
And so the muscle flow is something you can't get no muzzel for
Look how the buzzer grow,
Ballin til the buzzer blow
Man I'm hungry, does it show?
Ain't nothin funny, fuck a joke I'm gettin money til my pockets need a tummy tuck
I hope you niggas woke now, impermanentely
Send you to hell, you meet the devil, sign a permanent lease
Word on the streets is I'm the prince nigga, check the splenda
And I can't wait to be the King, nigga: young simba!
Word on the streets is I'm the Prince nigga, check the splenda
And I can't wait to be the king, nigga: young simba!

// I'm The Man //

He gonna have the nerve to fucking tell me niggas from the south can't spit?,
Bitch I'll smack your dumb ass (Fayettenam what up? Carolina what up?)
Stupid ass mother fuckers (New York, what up? Queens)
I'm a quit talking shit and about show y'all
I told y'all niggas that I'm getting my bread and going home
I'm a show you all stupid ass motherfuckers (Coming soon, nigga)
Dumb ass niggas
The heir to the throne
South nigga bred to the bone
But haters say he fled from his home (please),
Now picture that, I was 18 with million dollar dreams (yeah),
Moved to Jamaica Queens, like Prince Akim,
But ain't looking for no queen, (nah)
Came to get my c.r.e.a.m. (yup),
City on my back, I just lift my wings, I'm fly
You niggas on my dick, while I
Thought them niggas from the south couldn't spit, viola
I'm here. I'm a lot respect, not fear.
So please be clear, nigga please beware,
I'm a motherfucking monster, B.S. me? (naw)
No, my hand game like fucking PSP!
Now pop the champagne, money is coming soon
My dick do the damn thing, honey it's cuming soon,
She jerking, bend her over, now she hurting,
Living reckless got me thinking of death, look how she flirting,
Well, fuck that bitch, man a nigga tryna breathe (yea)
Some of these niggas be tryna dick her down and leave
Rest In Peace, ya'll boys living too fast,
Caught up in the cash, and got shot up in a flash,
Ville niggas don't play,
When it comes to that money, think real niggas won't spray?
Mid-day when it's sunny, they kill niggas broad day
On some more new jack shit
This rap shit is like tag nigga you not it, so run

Ha ha ah
I'm the man, hahaha, yea hey
I'm the man
I'm the man, (I told ya'll niggas),
I'm the man

Yea, uh
They say I act like I'm the man, cause motherfucka I am
Niggas study my style, I should be giving exams,
Damn boy I am so flamboyant with the ensemble.
Polo jacket, polo tee, what a fine combo,
And I'm the man, now understand a nigga bossin, ' (yea)
Scheming on that drop top CL but it's costing (yea)
Long term plans for the fam, we'll be dropping?
Never catch a nigga double-crossing, unless I'm flossing (woo)
In the streets niggas peace war until you force him,
To quarter back them bullet passes, you could Randy Moss 'em.
Got damn you niggas got handled,
Niggas only publishing, my style got sampled,
So I switched like a thick bitch with some heels on.
I seen a nigga get popped, I feel for 'em
I know who did it, but you think I'm finna squeal on him?
Shout out to R.J. Hill I would kill for him,
That's word, nigga observe my genius.
E&J sipping got a nigga straight leaning,
My DNA dripping while your girl stay drinking, (haha)
I told y'all I'm the man, what the fuck ya'll niggas thinking?

Yea, Yeah
I'm the man
I'm the man nigga
And I'm the man
I'm the man nigga
(I'm the man)

Yea
First and foremost, Fayettenam what's good?
Carolina, what up? Bull city, Raleigh, Charlotte, Winston Salem,
Greensboro, Wilmington, nigga
Everywhere dog, I'm repping from long distance, man.
I told y'all boy, I'm bout to get this money and come home right quick,
Y'all niggas still see me tho, you think I'm still there; you ain't even know I'm gone
Back so much, nigga,
I hear you all little niggas talking, nigga.
Prince of the city, nigga.
Prince of the south, nigga, holla at me.
Ya know? Heir to the throne, bitch.

// School Daze //

Yeah
Take ya'll back... to them school days, yeah.
Fayettenam, what up, man?
We came a long way from sticking move
Niggas skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning
It goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food,
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall, always
Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle
If we had this shit our way
We be standing here all day
But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape.
All late to class with fake passes,
Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing.
They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Damon Dashes
I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes.
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak,
It's all good, probably have a new ex by next week.
I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that,
But what I wouldn't give to go back.

[Chorus]

Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish.
Yo, I walk another nigga girl to her class, with my hand on her ass,
If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh.
Real sneaky yo, gotta keep it low,
Up in math, let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yea
Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flow,
But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts.
Uh, we bag 'em up, ya'll niggas gonna have to wait,
So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.'
But some of my niggas will probably never make it,
The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, cause
Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor,
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up.
Momma cut the light on, "Time to get up, "
Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out,
At the time I thought this shit was so whack,
But what I wouldn't give to go back.
Yea, hey,

[Chorus]

Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish.
I'm a little grown, but still reminisce,
Close your eyes nigga, you remember this?
Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss.
After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim,
You forgot your school I.d.? Fuck, nigga, you ain't getting in.
In the hallways acting like some hoodlums,
See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones.
Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say,
Twenty people on the phone cause everybody did three-way.
Man we played them girls for the fools, but,
Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools,
Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn.
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone,
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone,
Pardon me ya'll I'm just flipping through some Kodaks,
Sitting, wishing I could go back.

[Chorus]

Yea, Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again.
Yea, I sit and wish I was a kid again,
Yea I sit and wish, man.
Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggas man.
R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yea, B. Nasty, Big Joe,
Smitty, What's good? Yea,
Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith,..
Class of 2003, that's me
I know y'all remember this.

// Dolla And A Dream //

A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got
So if its about that cream, then I'm all up in the spot
I was raised in the F-A
Why a nigga never gave me nothing?
Pops left me, I ain't never cry, baby, fuck him, that's life
And trust me I'm living,
Look what a nigga made out,
The shit that I was given,
Look what a nigga came out
Momma sewing patches on my holes,
Man, our hoes couldn't put this flame out.
Straight up, I got my back against the brick wall,
I'm from a world where niggas never pop no Cristal, it was pistols.
You pass through, you better pray them bullets missed y'all,
I thank the Lord He let a nigga make it this far,
A lot niggas don't, a lot of moms weep.
I gotta carry on, all the weight is on me.
You never know when a nigga might try to harm me.
Rest In Peace that nigga John Lee,
I pour liquor, homie

It's foul, but yo the world keeps spinning,
Gotta keep winning, get up off this cheap linen,
Nigga Imma eat, even if it means sinning,
Niggas want beef, Imma sink my teeth in 'em
Pause, I go harder, I'm all about a dollar
You niggas street smart? I'm a motherfucking scholar
So trust me, I ain't stopping 'til my money is long,
So much dough, them hoes will think I'm rocking money cologne
Have a model at the crib waiting, "Honey, I'm home."
Cooking greens for a nigga, give 'em plenty, a dome.
It's funny, we dream about money so much its like we almost got it,
Until we reach up in our pockets, its time to face reality,
The ville is a trap nigga now,
And if you ain't focused you gonna be here for awhile,
My nigga Mike rolling with me, riding shotgun,
Type a nigga know about every car, but don't got one.

That's hunger, no wonder niggas fucking with the evils,
Posted on the corner, selling crack like its legal
But who am I to judge how a nigga get his paper?
This money coming soon, dog, I'm tryna get my cake up
I guess I gotta wake up these niggas myself,
An E&J sipper, but my shit is top shelf,
Young J, the rawest shit you niggas ever heard of
A journalist nigga, call me the Fayetteville Observer

You know the routine, man
Fayettnam
Real niggas can relate,
And Ville niggas can relate, man.
My niggas know about the struggle, man.
What you know about your momma sewing patches on your holes, nigga?
I had the light blue jeans with the green patches, haha, oh shit.
I was in like first grade man, I swear
It was like the Sixes came out, the Jordan Sixes.
Them shit was so fly man, I wanted them so bad.
Darryl what up man?
My nigga Darryl had them shits on in class yo,
I wanted that shit soooo bad.
I begged my mom for that shit, you know.
But she couldn't afford it, yo, she gave me,
Got me some Reeboks black tops, ahaha
But that was all good tho, cuz uh,
The year after that I had, I had some, some no name shits,
Some all black shits, haha
Them shits had metal, metal shoelace buckles and shit, you know?
But you know back then niggas didn't,
Niggas ain't even know he was broke man, no worries and shit.
But uh, times have changed man, I got bills,
My mom is in debt, what you know about that?
College loans and shit, nigga
Gotta get this money, ma

// Throw It Up //

Yeah
Yeah, uh
Yea,
Yea
Yeah
Carolina, nigga
Fayettenam, nigga
Yea

This is for them street niggas to them deep niggas,
Them politics, them geek niggas,
To them freak bitches that swallow dick, it's real.
Or them sheet niggas ain't proud of shit niggas, and still,
Even them bleak niggas without a cent could feel.
I never sleep nigga, I gotta get them mills
I never cheat nigga, my heart is with the ville.
When niggas greet niggas with hollow tips, but chill.
You'll never reach nigga, I got an itch to kill.

Word, a nigga bringing heat to the third
My shit in every street, like the curb.
So bitches wanna meet cause I'm deep with my words,
So them niggas wanna peep like a perv,
But peep game.
Before they start saying "He changed,"
A real nigga can never forget where he came.
So if I'm up in Carolina kicking deep game,
Or if I'm riding through Queens like the E-train,
I throw it up!
Yea

If you a down south nigga, throw it up, (and)
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (ay)
If you a Fayettenam nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a ATL nigga, throw it up,
New York to L.A. niggas, throw it up,
Yeah, Chi town throw it up (yea)

As you niggas smoking more kush,
South niggas wreaking niggas, ask George Bush,
Ask Bill Clinton, a nigga Will Smithin'
My jeans a 'lil less baggy, money still fittin.'
The streets a lil less rowdy, but they still kickin'
Them Randy Johnson O.G. niggas still pitchin'
And yeah, I know she got a man, but I'm still hittin'
So when he be up in that shit, he be like "This feels different,"
No shit, throw dick like the veteran I am,
I got that vitamin D, it's like medicine to them.
I got her climaxing like it's never finna end,
That's why she fucking me a lot better than her man.
She try a new trick, she so wet a nigga swam,
Like a salmon in this bitch, my dick drowning in that shit.
They love a fly nigga on that frisbee shit.
Plus a nigga get Gs like them Disney flicks.
I throw it up!
Yea

If you a down south nigga, throw it up,
If you an east coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a west coast nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a mid-west nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a Bull city nigga, throw it up, (yea)
If you a H-town nigga, throw it up, (yea)
You represent that Bay nigga, throw it up, (yea)
And if you from that BK nigga, throw it up (yea)

Greedy niggas want the money, so that's where my aim is,
Hoe niggas love the attention, wanna be famous,
Real niggas fuck the attention, they know it's dangerous,
Rather make a mil' and nobody know what my name is, (uh)
But that's the price when you nice with it.
And them ladies gonna like cause you light-skinned,
I take advantage of the situation,
I'm hitting dimes from Atlanta up to Pennsylvania.
They catch feelings and I switch next,
"I made it clear baby, just sex,
I'm too young to settle down, shorty get dressed!"
Even them white girls tryna be my princess,
But I only fuck with sisters like incest.
I've been stressed, I'm so in-depth,
I get this weight up off my chest like a bench-press,
I sense death in the air, but it's nothing for me,
Some niggas better be aware or meet the cousin of sleep, get it?
You slow niggas still ain't felt that shit.
How she gonna upgrade me dog? I built that shit.
Rapping's a cash cow, finna milk that bitch,
You better hit up homocide, I just killed that shit, boy!

Throw it up nigga!
Throw Throw it, Throw it up!
Yeah!

// Quote Me //

Haha uh
Yeah, uh
Yeah, Yo
Bear with a nigga man,
Gotta a little head cold, ya know?
I'll still kill it nigga
Show y'all niggas how it do,
Real Quick,
Uh.

You know what they say,
The window to the soul is in the eyes,
So disrespect a nigga, I will close a nigga blind,
Yeah who can hold us? Super focused
Shoot them hoes with the super soakers,
I got 'em so wet, fuck that, more wet,
I'm Hennessy drinking
Wonder what my enemies' thinking,
Nervous? nigga, please.
I'm finna be caking with dough-
So much bread, it's like a nigga be baking.
Walk that's so cold, this shit will need blankets,
Money coming soon, tell my niggas be patient.
We gonna replace those whips with some sicker ones,
We gonna erase them chicks for some thicker ones.
Hit and run, bigger funds,
But still can't forget to pour liquor,
As I reminisce on them niggas that couldn't come.
Rest in peace, can't control another man's destiny,
So I do what's best for me.
I know you think niggas well, ain't no test to me.
On my plate is a meal, ain't no recipe- for that,
Some nigga chill on the tech, no speak, blaaat,
Some niggas will put your chest to feet
I'm talking reckless.
What you expect nigga, I'm flexing,
Y'all dyslexic, got a nigga twisted.
Never shot a nigga, I don't gotta get convicted,
Cause if I say the word, your whole squad is getting lifted.
What up then? Niggas ain't saying nothing? Shut up then!
Wouldn't last a minute in the city I grew up in.
Where I got my swag, cool as the breeze is,
Chip on my shoulder, I walk like I'm Jesus.
About that paper, we could give a fuck if you believe us,
Looking for model divas that barely speak English,
Fuck 'em while we rich, cause when we broke, they gonna leave us,
We earn stripes, looking like zebras,
Y'all looking like Adidas.
We do it for the streets, cause they need us,
Got beef? Come meet us.
Ok I thought so,
Y'all niggas are so mad cause I floss so bad on bitches,
And with this stroke, I'm Picasso,
Niggas told me good afaso,
Now she yelling out God so much, thought I had her singing gospel.
Shit, shout out to my apostle,
Shit, you know me, nicest nigga in the south,
Yea you can quote me!
Wooo Shit!
Haha
Ooooh Shit, mother fucker!
Hahaha
Oohh Shit,
And I'm sick bitch, holla at me!
You know!
Fuck boy!

// College Boy //

Yeah,
Ay check me out man,
In case y'all niggas didn't know-
Shout out to the class of 2007,
St. John's University, stand up! (Fayetteville state, nigga)
All my North Carolina A&T Aggies stand up, UNTG man,
Carolina, NC State, Duke, wait for us, Salam State, man,
Fayetteville Tech.

For all my college niggas man,
For all y'all little niggas, this is why you should got to college, my nig.
Hahaha
Yeah

It's hard to picture a nigga not get money,
J.Cole living bummy? hahaha That shit is funny,
I'm focused on that cash, I just laugh at them bastards,
Eligible bachelor, finna get my Bachelor's,
And if this rap shit don't work, I'm going for my Master's.

Still scouting hoes on the first day of classes,
Keep up with the asses, keep up with the grades,
A nigga straight A's like the braze,
She got me in her dorm room, talking bout her room ain't clean,
And she wanna fuck, but wait until her roommate leaves,
Now I could give a damn if her roommate seeing,
Cause if the girl get excited, she's invited. (haha)

If it's alright with you, yea, shit, then it's alright with me,
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me
Hey and if it's alright with you, (yea, yea) then shit, it's alright with me.

Yeah, uh, I hate to brag, well naw, I don't, the big man on campus.
I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga glances,
And if your ass is dumb you won't even get a chance,
Cause I gotta chick in every class that give a nigga answers, yea.

And if I hit ya shorty, keep it on the low,
This shit just like highschool, people wanna know.
I see you haters man, but I ain't mad at y'all niggas,
We get ass like them basketball niggas, I'm ballin'!
Got a sidekick so them hoes don't be callin'!

Hit me on aim, ay what's your screen name?
When I start typing in, a nigga's got some mean game, yea,
And when I whip it out, shit she gonna think she seeing things, but
Back in Carolina I miss home badly, (yea)
It's funny hoes I couldn't have is tryna bag me,
But I'm in the Jeep with this freaky ass Aggy,
She said she want it from the back, gladly.

If it's alright with you, shit, then it's alright with me, (hey)
If it's alright with you baby girl, then it's alright with me, (uh)
And if it's alright with you shawty, then it's alright with me,
Look, if it's alright with you, (yea) you know it's alright with me.
Yea uh

I'm skipping class just to get some ass, living fast,
And college with no sleep nigga, my jab-quick exams,
So kill that old college game, some shit we don't believe.

You mad cause your girl on Facebook poking me, so uh,
You know the G, I hit her up like "Hello Elle,
I see you looking right the other day, LOL.
So, what's good with you? "
She hit me right back like "Shit, what's good with you? "
You know I like that, so of course I write back,
Hit her with some nice chat.

Same night she in my room, lights off I strike that,
Yea I put game right, but that's your wife, nigga take her,
I bust then I kick her ass out to write a paper, yea (hahaha)

A nigga doing homework, drinking like a fish,
It ain't a weekend that I'm sober,
Fighting hangovers on my way to my internship,
And I forgot to study for my midterm, shit!

Hahahaha, wooo!

Ay, this is straight through, nigga,
No, no fucking, no double takes,
This is straight through the whole shit nigga,

Check it out man, tryna tell y'all niggas man,
College is a good look,
A real good look, my nigga,
For more reasons than one, man,
Know they try to keep us out of that shit though,
That shit like extra expensive.
I got scholarships though, so you know I'm not sweating that.
I feel for my niggas that couldn't make it man,
Ay Mike we in there baby, hahaah
Ay they can't, they can't keep us out the G my nigga, you know.
Then we all make it, nah, we ain't all make it.

Shout out to my niggas, man,
All my niggas, yo.
Weather you graduated or not,
Weather you made it to college or not, nigga.
Fayettenam, yeah, yeah,
Class of 2007 man,
Holla at me,
I'm going to grad school though, you know?

// Split You Up //

Yea, yea
Real niggas can relate
Yea, Ville niggas can relate man
Yea

I see you lookin' at me hard, shawty what it's gone be?
Would you ride next to your man or let him run up on me?
'Cause I see him tryna grill, better take his ass home
'Fore I lay his ass out, then I take your ass home
I ain't even gone front man a nigga tryna cut
I ain't tryna take his place, I just wanna hit you up
When that nigga ain't around I just wanna pick you up
Bring you back to the crib, sip a little liquor up
Then I give you a massage, get you wet get you up
Then I give you what you want, if it's clean I'll lick it up
Now you can do me, if it's right my shit is up
Face down on your stomach take that ass and lift it up

Then I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up
Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

I'll be that nigga on the side, when you feel you wanna creep
When you in the bed alone while your man run the streets
All you gotta do is dial, let the phone ring twice
Babygirl I love your style I won't even think twice
I ain't even gone front, man a nigga tryna beat
I ain't tryna wife you up though you is a dimepiece
I just love the way you ride like a certified freak
How you throw it right back got a niggas thighs weak
So just hit me when you want it, you know how to find me
Got no time for no games you know how the grind be
But I'mma make the time if you bouta dial me
I'mma make you say my name like you caller ID

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Give you money to get your hair did? He can do that
Pay for dinner and a movie? Man, he can do that
Work you out in the bed? Maybe he can do that
But I know you'd much rather call me to do that
And girl I'm wit' it
Yea - I'm so wit' it
Babygirl I'm so wit' it
So let me hit it

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

Cause I do my thang, now shawty listen up
Yea yo' pussy do bang got no problem hookin' up
Just remember why I call ya, and why we gettin up
I ain't tryna be ya man, I ain't tryna split you up

// Plain //

[J. Cole:]
Hello
[Freddie P:]
Hello
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Hey, is this Cole?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Wassup man?
[J. Cole:]
Wassup?
[Freddie P:]
It's Freddy P man, from high school
[J. Cole:]
Oh shit, how you doing bro
[Freddie P:]
You remember me?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Man, shit, I'm good. Ey shit I heard you up in New York doing your thing man
[J. Cole:]
Yeah man, I'm trying
[Freddie P:]
Shit, keep on doing that shit, I know you putting the ville on the map
[J. Cole:]
Yeah
[Freddie P:]
Ey check this out man, I got some shit going on man. I wanted to talk to you about it
[J. Cole:]
Okay
[Freddie P:]
You know maybe doing some kind of management kind of thing
[J. Cole:]
Euhh aight
[Freddie P:]
Yeah man, I can make some shit happen for you man. Check it out
[J. Cole:]
Watchu got?
[Freddie P:]
I got a couple artists I'm managing
[J. Cole:]
Okay
[Freddie P:]
I got my artist T-Plain, he just joined with young jack strap
[J. Cole:]
Oh shit!
[Freddie P:]
You know that shit is going down
[J. Cole:]
You managing T-Pain?
[Freddie P:]
So basically man...
[J. Cole:]
Hold up, you managing T-Pain?
[Freddie P:]
Nahh, T-Plain
[J. Cole:]
Who? T-Plain?
[Freddie P:]
Yeah, you know, he bout to go down. Matter of fact
[J. Cole:]
Can I Holla at you later? Ey come here man. Imma let you holla at him real quick. See what he can do you know
[Freddie P:]
Aight
[T-Plain:]
HELLOOO
[J. Cole:]
Hello?
[T-Plain:]
IS THIS J. COLE?
[J. Cole:]
Yeah! Yeah! Man
[T-Plain:]
Oh wassup man?
[J. Cole:]
Wassup?
[T-Pain:]
I really like that shit you be doing!
[J. Cole:]
Awh fuck
[T-Plain:]
HE... HELLO ?

// The Come Up //

Money coming soon, nigga...
I'm on the come up, chill nigga, don't run up,
A yellow nigga finna rise and shine like the sun up, (yea)
My mind on that paper, I ain't tryna wife a slut up,
I'm dying for this cake and I ain't tryna wipe a crumb up,
They ride with the gun up, kill you and light the blunt up, (uh)
Don't shed a tear, for a nigga might get done up,
But just say a prayer for a nigga might confront us,
Cause his life is summed up, the medics wipe his lungs up,
You coming to the ville, you gotta get a license from us,
City on my back, I feel like I'm holding Big Pun up,
No pain, no gain, my nigga, I just numb up.
I blow brains, go bang a nigga if he jump up,
With no shame, don't blame a nigga if you shot up,
This is cocaine on flames, baking soda and water,
And if you feel that, then I guess I sell crack, get it?
Fall back, man, a nigga feeling crazy.
Shitting on niggas, like a nigga was still a baby, (uh)
Carolina nigga, shout out to the ville, it raised me,
So many hoes whipped, you woulda thought we still in slavery.
And niggas still sleeping, they feeling lazy, (uh)
A killa? maybe, you make me, I will (uh)
Cheat me on my scrilla, I'll send you to meet Dilla, (uh)
From them NC streets where beef they deliver,
And the clip is on 'E' cause your chest got a filla.
A nigga like me just getting head like a pillow,
Bred like guerillas getting bread,
So long as my momma and my niggas getting fed,
Fuck what a niggas said, (man) I'm Fayettenam bombing,
Cause hatred is flattery, you bitch niggas is charming.
Who the fuck you harming? Boy y'all niggas is Charmin, (uh)
And I'm on it, waiting for a target.
You fucking with the best, like Common.
Ah shit, pardon a nigga for departin',
I'm just getting green like a yard or a garden.
A nigga finna blow, while you niggas is false alarmin.' (uh)
And just think though, I was raised on Ramen, (uh)
Chicken noodle soup, now I'm filet mignon.'
I promise my momma I was coming to make this money,
And I swear I'm a kill the nigga that try to take it from me.
Yeah

That's real talk, nigga!
It's J.Cole, nigga, Therapist,
Whatever fuck you wanna call me, don't matter,
Make y'all niggas understand, man,
Yea!
Know y'all can't believe yourself right now,
Yo this nigga from the south, naw,
He can't spit, how the fuck is he so good?
Hahaha
Open your eyes, motherfucker,
Can't see?
Niggas on top! yup!
On top, yup, yup,
On top!

// Mighty Crazy //

Yeah
It's me
Feels good
Carolina, what up? (Blazing)
Fayettenam, what up?
Therapist
Yo, ay, Yo

You niggas gotta be outta your rabbit ass mind
A savage over this cabbage
You really think I'm finna let your faggot ass shine? (no)
Whipping niggas like big body Cadillacs
I'm on my grind, yo
Bonafide hancho
I could see through you niggas with cataracts, blindfolds
As matter of fact, I'm so bomb- niggas scatter that
Niggas that, Niggas so rat, Niggas better act pronto
My whole state in a reign, better pack ponchos, y'all know
Shit is real in the ville, you could die slow or quick
Survival's a bitch
But everybody don't meet her, so tuck the nine yo
Wherever y'all roll, niggas allergic to 5-0
God knows I don't put up no facade, no
No fraud, niggas scheming like Side-Show Bob
Keep my eyes so wide, not another wise
Disrespect me, you could watch your mother sigh
From the other side, punk-ass nigga
Jump and get lumped fast, throw you in the trunk
Blast pop while I pump gas
Skunk ass niggas is trash, you need a sponge bath
My niggas will ride all day like a funpass
That's some New York shit
I'm from the south, though
Don't never disrespect me, watch yo' mouth hoe
I got agent clout though, y'all niggas dissin' me is doubtful
You talk shit? Watch your life fade like the outro

// Dead Presidents //

Give me my money, man, why else would a nigga be grinding?
I'm for them diamonds, dog, how else could a nigga be shining?
I'm glowing, knowing that the flow intact,
Get this record deal, I swear to God, my first mil I'm blowing that
Now, like fuck it I know I'll grow it back, shit, it's nothing,
Funny how blacks spend their money on mad shit for stuntin
But shit, that's all we know man, thats how a niggas raised
You learn bout two things: getting pussy, getting paid
And you should be gettin laid by the time you in ninth grade,
So niggas lying on they dick and hoes giving nice brain, yea.
In class dreamin bout having these nice things
And then you look around and wonder why you strugglin
But them whites ain't
I brush it off like, "fuck it, it's motivation,"
Some niggas gotta walk through life, some niggas roller skating
Some niggas bypassing steps, some niggas chose to take 'em
And for that fortune, man, some niggas sold their soul to Satan,
But fuck it man, I ain't hatin, I gotta go for mines.
My little God-sister pregnant now, I put in overtime,
On my grind, yea, just like the nigga making Fortunes,
I'm focused, on my bite, like a cobra, I'm tryna get my Oprah on
These hoes is crying cuz I won't pay 'em attention,
Time is money, bitch, and a nigga payin tuition,
Real niggas hustle by using their intuition,
While these fake niggas ain't into doing, they into wishin,

Til I'm rich, ain't no reason to settle nigga,
It's greed that make a nigga wink at the devil to get that cheese,
You niggas couldn't think at my level, even with trees,
You couldn't get this deep with a shovel, now nigga, please,
I'm chasing G's tryna throw some diamonds on them freeze,
Sick shit, sneeze on some thousand-dollar sleeves.
Ease to the top and I'm not finna leave til I'm hot,
But my watch gotta breeze, a south nigga,
Boy, I'm shining without the diamonds in my mouth,
Out grindin while you reclining on your couch,
I'm climbing, you haters blinded by the doubt,
My niggas riding is devout, so talking violence out yo mouth,
And you gonna find what I'm about, nigga
Far from a slouch, nigga, I ain't gonna parlé with y'all,
I'll probably hit ya, my hand game like Bobby Fisher,
but check, them checks is all a nigga thinking,
For them Presidents, I'll treat a nigga like Lincoln

// Lil Ghetto Nigga //

Yeah, uh
Uh, yea
Yea, uh
Fayettenam, nigga
Hahaah uh
Carolina, nigga
Yeah, Yea, let's bring it in

Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Yea, this is for my niggas in the struggle
Uh, uh, uh,
Nothing but sweat, tears,
Just another perspective,
Yeah

Yo, uh
Lifestyles of the young, black and genius,
Sons strapped with guns packed in jeans,
And the blunts got my lungs black as Jesus, (yea)
Play with killers hung yack and slung crack for leisure,
And tell a nigga run that and gun clap for sneakers,
Young niggas emulate what's coming out the speakers,
So everything we learn came from rappers, not teachers,
Cause if we can't relate, then how the hell you gonna reach us?
Surrounded by crooked cops and preachers, (yea) Where my trust at?
No time to think about illegal when my stomachs touching,
By any means, nigga, even if the gun is busted,
I see the world for what it is now,
I see the odds is looking slim for our kids now,
Cause, uh, it was a set up for my people to rise, (yea)
My niggas slang, but I see the pain deep in they eyes,
Niggas living like they don't give a fuck,
And I don't blame 'em, it's a cold world, live it up! (live it up)

The things that I've seen, (seen)
The dreams that I dream, (dream)
The rain in my sky,
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby,
Hope that it gets better baby,
Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw,
Don't let them break you, (you)

Yea, uh
I look up in the sky, see that ghetto birds circulate,
And rollers on the block, my niggas on the curb, cursin them, (fuck)
Another day in the ville, do I stay in and chill? (no)
Or go play in the field?
Help my mother paying these bills, you tell me, nigga!
We all young, black, some strapped,
Them whites had they lunch pack for school, we had our guns stacked.
And all a nigga wanna do is take his mother from that,
But they'd rather lock us up and make sure we don't come back.
To kill a nigga over beef and cheddar is even better,
Just one less coon they won't have to arrest.
Fuck a crooked cop three times,
Bitch, I'm getting cake and ain't a nigga finna eat mine,
That's why a nigga looking like a street sign, (yea)
Posted on the corner 'til it's sleep time.
Wake up and it's feeling like somebody hit the rewind, (why)
Cause them ghetto birds circulate, my niggas steal purse and 'em,
Another day in the city, my niggas say it with me, yea!

The things that I've seen, (seen)
The dreams that I dream, (dream)
The rain in my sky,
The pain in my eyes
But know that it gets better baby,
Hope that it get better baby,
Don't let this world break you, (you) naw, naw,
Don't let them break you, (you)

// Homecoming //

Uh, yeah
Uh, uh-huh,
Yeah,

I'm I-95 cruising, with the sun in my eyes,
In the south, dog, my momma ain't seen her son in awhile,
Yea, I'll sure is,
Can't wait to see my niggas and fuck with my old chicks,
Can't wait to cruise the city, be catching them old grins,
Same niggas, same place, doing the same old shit.
Yea, so nigga watch it!
A nigga been in NY tryna get some bigger pockets,
You still up in the ville, tryna make it in the trap,
I'm finna put us on the map; I told you I was coming back, Cause,
Yeah, so make way, the prince of the city, ain't a street I can't stay,
You niggas is hatin, ' just be happy I ain't changed.
Blunts rolled to the murk, we all want the same thing,
And that's- money to feed us, yup,
We pray to God, but, we ain't tryna meet Him yet, haha!
Yea, If I never...
Nigga, man,
Actually that is a bad idea, my nigga,
Cause uh,
Na na na
Now I'm a always come home,
It's where a nigga was grown,
Where a nigga was shown,
How to scrap, yup,
Shown how to mack, yup,
Sold a whole lot of crack, yup,
Juggling them hoes,
There was a whole lot of that, yup,
Momma work to the bone,
Putting clothes on my back,
I'm coming home to give everything I owe to her back, yea,
Yea,
I swear they say, man,
Yea yeah,
Shout to the whole ville!
Of course, so real!
Uh,
If I never...
If I never went home again,
"Hello?, chill out nigga, what's up, boy?
Yeah, I just touched down man,
I'm over off Ramsey and shit,
Aiight, well look,
I'm about to go check out my mom's man,
What's jumping for tonight?
Oh the Live? I'm in there, nigga."

// Carolina On My Mind //

Yeah,
Yea Yea, uh,
It's Carolina, nigga,

Yeah
Ay,
Fayettenam,
Yeah!

Listen, alive and still kickin nigga,
I survived the ville,
But a lot will not, so they will glocks and bonnevilles
Niggas lying, still get high, they ride and kill,
Money hungry, tryna find a meal.
Can't stay inside and chill,
Little niggas thinking: 'fuck school, I'm finna sign a deal!'
Hunting hoes, trapping niggas,
Lying like they on the pill,
Preachers say we blessed,
But all we feel is stressed, tryna deal.
If this liquor don't help, nigga, this marijuana will,
Roll up, I take a shot for them niggas behind the steel –gates,
My mind is still- racing, I'm tryna kill- snakes,
Cause niggas is fake, but wait, time reveals so,
Nevermind, that real shit is what I am tryna build.

It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel,
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill,
It's kinda I'll how I'm giving y'all that Carolina feel,
A nigga so deep, you tryna find me dog, you gotta drill.

Yeah,
Yo, Coming home, y'all,
Listen,

At any given time, got the city on my mind,
The city on my mind,
The city on my mind,
I'm riding round feeling like the city, it is mine,
The city, it is mine,
The city, it is mine,
At any given time, Carolina on my mind,
Carolina on my mind,
Carolina on my mind,
Said "I feel ya pain nigga, but I'm tryna go for mine,"
I'm tryna go for mine,
I'm tryna go for mine,
Hey,

Ay, fuck them hoes, let them bunnies be,
Perfect vision I'm 20/20 for this money, G,
See it's funny, you get that paper, then them honeys show,
Cause they know we finna blow, like a runny nose,
Money goes, the money come.
Barely twenty-one, I'm thinking big things,
Momma in the mansion with the fish tanks,
The Carolina way.
If you in college then you know the crime won't pay,
Lest you find a way, fuck what them niggas is tryna say,
Cause in Carolina- we thorough,
My niggas hold it down all the way from Fayettenam to the G borough,
And up in Winston, and Raleigh, did I mention?
The Bull City got them ol' fake niggas flinchin'
Tar heels state, either you shooting or you hoopin' yo,
Niggas can't wait for them Panthers to win the Superbowl,
So shout out to them super cold niggas up in Charlotte,
No matter the city, man, Carolina shine, regardless!
Yea,
Yo, coming home nigga!

[Deacon:]
Riding big in an ol' school Chevy
With the windows down when I'm rolling through my city, like,
Ooh!
On my way to meet up with a freak and my nigga drunk beating
She can hear me down the street, she like 'Ooh!'
Blew game and I do my thing,
Ain't tryna settle down, I ain't shopping for no ring,
Oh no!
Riding with my niggas for the weekend,
Carolina sounds pumping out the speakers, like
Ooh!

// Can't Cry //

Need y'all niggas to feel me yo,
Feel my pain...
Said soft niggas can't last hard times yo,
Believe that shit.
Real niggas don't cry...
Look,
Yo...

Was just a youngin' with that fresh fade,
Bird chest, legs skinny,
That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny,
Fresh pennies on my feet,
Momma paid for everything I'm wearing,
At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world.
Aw. nigga, but shit done changed since "Mayne" was my nickname,
A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game,
Now I'm a man worried about my fam'
Let me explain,
Its like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shits sprained.
And so I rap for my niggas trapped in the struggle,
Feeling like the world's on your back so you stumble,
And it feels like a quarterback get sacked, and then you fumble.
Jobs don't call a nigga back so it's back to the hustle.
Niggas praying for they moms,
At the same time they moms pray for them.
Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way,
But damn a nigga been a lost fate.
It hurts on the usual,
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral.

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

I sit back and watch the news every now and then,
Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash,
Even the weathers bad.
It be the same shit, got my brain twisted,
Like damn it's '06 and niggas still up on that gang shit?
Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split
Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks,
some stupid niggas got him for his chain,
But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement
And now they telling me this little girl just got raped,
Some dude snatched her and she was standing at the bus stop, wait,
man she just eleven!
What the fuck is up with this world,
got these grown niggas fucking with girls?
Plus the cops harassing us,
every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim
Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain
They killed her only son,
Make her wanna blow her brains out,
Change the channel man I can't watch this shit...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

Take a ride through the city man and tell me what you witness.
Poverty, richness, crooked cops and misfits,
violence, hatred, real devastation,
neighborhoods looking like there's still segregation,
welfare, single mothers, no jobs,
tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie,
fiegns in the street so high off of that crack shit,
this nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress...
White folks got the road to success mapped and that's all good,
but why don't black's got that same atlas?
I asked the same question a million ways
and it seems like I had prayed for a million days.
Still the ills remain - just bills and pain.
Shoot outs and project buildings, children slain,
skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why.
Its enough to make a nigga wanna cry,
but I can't though...

Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga,
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga,
I don't know if I'll see tomorrow,
But I won't cry, no, I can't cry.
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga,
But fuck that, I'm aiming for the stars, my nigga,
I won't stop, try 'til the day I die,
And I won't cry, no, I can't cry, no.

// Goin' Off //

Fuck it,
Ay,
Do or Die, new arrival,
Holla at my niggas,
You survive you's alive, yo,
Now either you follow me and ride, or you's a rival.
The difference between you and I is you a model, you posing.
But who am I though?
The mulatto out for that lotto,
Money coming soon, the newest model,
Your crew is hollow,
The type of niggas got more dick, chew and swallow.
Your girl told me shoot in her face, she suicidal,
Oh shucks, you niggas is closed, you fold up.
I'm from the Ville, niggas get killed over four bucks,
Thank God we made it, my niggas, we grown up,
Now we crazy over that bread, call us the "dough-nuts," uh,
More sluts once the money blows up,
But them hoes stop if the dough drops,
I won't stop though, a chip off the 'ol block.
I'm from a city where niggas hole blocks,
Leave you looking like old socks, damn,
Cops patrol blocks, spotting on us,
The boys is rotten, I know they want us,
Probably arrest a nigga, get a bonus,
You kill a nigga, get promoted,
Shit is crazy, girls getting babies before they get diplomas,
So much I just go nuts,
Niggas telling me slow up,
Remember that,
I'm tryna get where that cheddar at,
Y'all don't hear me,
Always somebody that don't want you getting cheese, yo,
This whole bullshit is like Tom and Jerry,
I'm kinda very raw, niggas can't deny facts,
If you black they sending you to jail or Iraq,
Honor is something you can't sell or buy back,
Niggas don't like bragging, they 9-11 fly cats,
Hijack niggas, "Get up out your whip nigga, strip!
I want it all- ice on your wrists and the kicks,"
This shit happens, I ain't just rapping, believe it yo,
They got streets in the city police won't even go,
Peep it though, uh,
It ain't no secret, niggas beefing cause my ego so big,
It got me speaking like I'm diesel, like I'm devil, oh,
Niggas know my stylo, I ain't tweaking, I am lethal though,
Have your daddy looking for you,
This ain't Finding Nemo though.
Let me slow it down, dumb it down, y'all warned,
The son came up out that womb, yo, a star is born.
If real recognize real, y'all are foreign,
My team run a play on your bitch and we all scoring, yea!

// Rags To Riches (At The Beep) //

[Ring]
Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system

Damn, broke is a bad joke but still I laugh though
Frontin' trynna have hope, it's sad though
I'm tired of being broke as shit
I'm seeing other niggas ball and I'm like 0 for 6
Ay man I just graduated, good old college degree
Shit, my niggas drug dealing seen more dollars than me
I know my calling, it's in my blood to do this music thing
Won't be that illest nigga that you never knew his name
I'm looking at these fake A&R's like "you a lame-
That boy a genius and you ain't even listen, man you insane"
But you'll see though, just what the hell a nigga bout' to be though
So give me one year then play this back like T-VO
Cause boy I'm fein'n blow I'm a mothafucking torpedo
The music's in my blood so watch these niggas turn mosquitoes
Uh, I play the villain and the hero, some grow man shit
Feel like a god'dam kid, man I'm Pac and BIG
(What up?) "Up" is something that I can't give
Won't see me disappear like the old Ant Viv
Cause even on a slow jam I'm so damn sick
Man I even spread a virus to a program-quick
I gotta focus on my flow and get some doe man, shit
No dollars got me acting like I got no damn sense
But peace to my broham's and my ex lady
Yea we've been complicating things with the sex lately
Maybe I'm being selfish-but naw I can't help it
Cause girl we go back like a throwback Celtics-jersey
Regardless of where God lead us,
Just know that I was Martin and you was my Gina
Uh, but I'm through living in the past Lord
No more thinking rewind and more fast forward
Less rearview mirror and more dashboard
I'm visualizing cash and stamps on a passport
That CLS with a full tank of gas for it
Cop my momma a whip nigga he didn't even ask for it
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or loveers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle
Said I'm wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon get my momma out the struggle nigga

Yeah uh!
Uh huh
I'd like to welcome ya'll to

My life, my life, my life, my life in the sunshine
(My life in the sunshine, ok yeah)
Everybody loves the sunshine (This is the come up nigga, uh)
Sunshine (Ayo real quick man)
Everbody loves the sunshine
(Ya'll better pardon this experience man, the come up)
(While we gettin' outta here, I just wanna give a few shout outs man)
Sunshine (First and foremost man, my fam man my mother my brother man)
Folks get down in the sunshine (God nigga, yes god nigga)
(For real my brothers from 'nother mothers man, RJ man)
Sunshine (Mike Shaw, what it is man, DreamVille all day, we not...)
Folks get down in the sunshine (We callin' that shit Fayattenam niggas)
(But we also callin' that shit DreamVille
Nigga you got a dream, you can get the fuck up outta yo situation nigga
Shout out to By Any Means, my nigga E-Ro man
Them Two Nice Niggas man
All the way, all terrain music all day)
There's trees and plants and flowers (It's a beautiful life man)
(Froms rags to riches, watch me man)
There's trees and plants and flowers (From rags to riches)
There's trees and plants and flowers (Uh yeah)

// Get It //

Gotta get my groove back, you know?
It's been a little minute,
Yea
Yeah
Uh,
Label me greedy, but see me finish what Petey started,
From Carolina where niggas spray like graffiti artists,
The south nigga, niggas used to think we retarded,
And slow as hell, but well well, now we regarded as the niggas. (yea)
I fuck with non rapping niggas, non clapping niggas,
Niggas is real, y'all is action figures. (ha)
Ain't into acting bigger than I really am,
Ain't no two ways around it, motherfucker I'm the man.
Where the beef at?
Back in the days I ain't even go out for recess,
A nigga don't play, man, I been living okay.
Been up in Queens where they 'rid of those foes,
And niggas GATs got bodies like video hoes.
It's J.Cole, you not fucking with just any old flow.
I'm like the '95 Penny, you like Penny '04,
No disrespect to my favorite player,
Niggas praying a nigga never see the day a nigga rich,
So I'm slaying niggas, yea.

[Chorus:]
This is for my niggas tryna make it,
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh,
They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail,
Living in a world where we set up to fail,
But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
Yeah
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea)
I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it.

Niggas in the streets, no,
Niggas blessed beats,
I got that priest flow, heavenly.
You gonna cross over if he reach for the rock,
Just a figure a speech for the glock,
From the Ville, where police know the heat flow a lot. (yea)
Like our beats yo, it's hot,
Niggas laid out,
Caught a fake nigga centerfield it's cause they played out,
Watch our boys fade out, niggas tryna hate,
If he only knew my dick's in his dame's mouth,
Just made out, came out the woodworks,
Now they tryna peep a nigga footwork.
I'm getting real green, y'all niggas playing on some good turf,
Fake money, scared money, never make money,
And a nigga never fear nothing but God,
Fuck a facade,
I'm just focused on stuffing my pockets up with them wads and shit,
Hundred thousand dollar deposit shit,
Been dreaming 'bout millions since a nigga was five or six,
And so I strive, I'm the God, this some bible shit,
Nigga I,
Yea,

[Chorus:]
This is for my niggas tryna make it,
Watch out for them evil ass niggas tryna take it, uh,
They love to see a nigga dead up, in jail,
Living in a world where we set up to fail,
But I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it.
Yeah
I'm a get it, nigga I'm finna to get it. (yea)
I'm a get it, nigga I gotta get it.

Tell em Geppettos my niggas is ghettos with scarface dreams,
On the block with the hard hate, that's all they seen,
Niggas killing niggas in broad day on all they screams,
Watching cops loving car chase scenes,
Niggas arrested,
Treat us like roaches, the prison's nigga infested.
They hate to see the day we ain't slain, niggas invested.
All created equal looks like equal to a less than,
Depending on your race, or depending on your address, man.
I've been blessed, was given less and but still progress, man,
I hate to see the position my niggas left in,
Slay dope or nigga you slave for minimum wage,
Ashamed,
But we living in the cage, so nigga get paid, shit,
How could I tell a nigga not to hustle?
Yea it's a better life my nigga, but it's not for us though,
Instead they wanted us to break,
They never wanted us to make it, yea,
To my niggas smart enough to be smart enough to take it, nigga!

// I Do My Thing //

Big nerve out of the bullpen with the assist
We goin' back to war tell them boys to re-enlist 
I got more shit you don't wanna be a vic
I'm bangin' yall heads it's bout to be a bitch
It's bout to be a lick I'm feelin' very vigorous
I'm bout to be set for life like I'm jigga's kids
All terrain music you know how real it is
I got the beat an shit now look what I did 
My man filthy told just grab my balls on it
So what did I do? Yeah I grabbed my balls on it
What should you do? I say bet it all on it
Yeah thats my advice just bet it all on it
Do what I say so I ain't talking for nothin'
Don't take no from a holes yeah especially in public
J. Cole we way swoll either hate it or love it
Got hoes we take those if you dont like it then fuck it

You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it
You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it

Look at the product it's nice
Fuck wit fire and ice
Cheated on my girlfriend until my tires got sliced
Just got some x pills we gonna try em tonight
hang on tight girl you going for the ride of yo life
Everything was fine until she said I wasn't her type
Oh I get it all the time its because that I'm white
She was like "nah I'm used to dudes packin' the pipe
so you can just drop me off if you ain't tappin' me right"
I hysterically laughed girl I aint scared of yo ass
I don ate more pies than even sara lee has
so when I get done with that you wanna marry me ha
play in the backyard so I can bury the cash
and I can bury the bone cuz I am hier to the throne
I don't need no help see I can carry my own
no time for tricks bitch curly larry or moe
I hit with a big stick it's only fair that you know

You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it
You got your feelins hurt?
You wanna talk about it?
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
Guess what bitch I don't wanna hear about it
I do my thing I don't care you you feel about it

