// Welcome //

Yea, hey
Yea, hey, Fayettenam
Yea, bitch

Yea - I'm sippin liquor for the pain
Pourin liquor for the slain
Nothin else can do the trick like hard liquor to the brain
Fall victim to the game, all this money we spent
And my mind tryna figure where these twenty g's went
Maybe I should slow it down, maybe take the pace slow
Second thought I think I need to speed it up and make mo'
Time to build, Lego, in the Ville, laid low
Countin' days still waitin' on that shit I prayed for
Am I ungrateful? Want it all so quick
Feel a vibrate, hold up, I got a call, old bitch
How she get my new shit? Swear the city too small,
Type of chick won't take her shirt off cause her titties too small
I could give a damn girl, and fuck that pretty blue bra
Now I'm in the deep seein just how pretty you are
And that kitty go hard, lord, I'm up in that
Got the type of kitty kat to make a nigga double back
Type of shit that make a nigga wanna fall in love wit dat
At the door, wit a towel on, and nothin under that sayin

Welcome
(hey-yeah)
Welcome
(yeah-yeah)

I let these words flow out, like water from a spout
Like rain from the clouds, it's the pain from the crowd
Cause these words go deep, from my soul when I speak
Then my flows hit the souls of all those that I reach
If I die 'fore I wake, hope my songs live on
Will they miss me when I'm gone? And if so, for how long?
So much shit is on my brain try hard to maintain
Sit and analyze my thoughts sometimes I wonder if I'm sane
Man it's hard to trust friends, when the paranoia blends with the marijuana,
Wonder will this high ever end
Swear I'd never smoke again, ya'll niggas blow the weed
Let me take another shot man this liquors all I need
Just to put me in a zone, so far away from home
Nobody truly know me got me feelin so alone
They wonder whats on my mind, whats lingerin in my dome
I tell them ain't nothing wrong I'll deal wit it on my own
I'll deal wit it on my own

Welcome
Yea - I'll deal wit it on my own nigga
Welcome

// Can I Live //

Yeah!
Pussy my passion, never been a fan of flashing
Probably cause I never could so if I had it, never would.
Then I got my first little taste of paper, and I splurged
I guess it's just the nigga urge, this is the Boondocks
I swear yo I'm like Huey mixed with Riley
Thursday I be trynna save the world, then on Friday I hit the club
Hoping that my dick get rubbed by some fat asses
Niggas get to scraping then you hear the gats blasting Damn!
older niggas ain't got no problems with me
My momma told me to speak like you got a college degree
You see I can, but I won't
Plus I'm saying what I won't
Plus this slang that I speak don't change that I'm deep
That's the throat, on a certified freak, while she choke?
As we headed to the crib, yes I let her give me head so she won't remember where I live
My game is tight, baby no need to bring pajamas, you ain't staying the night
No disrespect, I just say it polite
I drop her off before I sleep, I be praying for life

Like Hov said it Can I Live?
Aye dear Lord, Can I live? Hey!
Now am I Living to get paid just slaves for a wage (all week)
I can't do no 9 to 5 told my momma (sorry)
I can't do no suit and tie, no I want the (glory)
If you knew me know my life is like a movie starring me
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams
I ain't reading off the script that they picked (for me)
I ain't pissed, naw could'ntgive a shit (hardly)
I be shitting on them niggas that was shitting on me
Will I live or will I die before they get to know me
If I go I know the ones that's pouring liquor for me
And I know the fake niggas really hating on me
Knew that I was bout to blow so they was waiting on me
But Oh-No, Lord
See I'm smarter then they know-oh-oh
So hold on, Lord, Cause I ain't quite ready to go-oh oh

Can I live

Somebody told me that it's only one shot, so I'll be God damn, If I'm ever gonna stop
Promise to my momma I'm a make it to the top
So I'm a keep climbing to my heartbeat drop

Like the phone when she heard the news
Her sister on the other line talking to her shoes
The only son, what a thing to lose
More blacks singing more blues
More niggas pouring more brews
Poor dude he was young like 21, strait up out that city that I'm from
A real smart Nigga, but his niggas they was dumb
He ain't even get a chance to run
Before it landed in his lung
God, breath nigga.
His partner screaming Don't you *** leave nigga!
Took off his shirt trynna stop the bleeding nigga, Don't you go!
But his life fading slow
Did I tell my mom I love her, do she know?
Did I tell my baby sorry from befo
Won't get to see my son grow
Lord I ain't ready to go

Can I live? Can I live? Dear Lord, Can I live?

Can I live? Yea

// Grown Simba //

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, uh

Now I was dreaming 'bout a deal at the age of thirteen
I was fiending for the mills, I ain't talking Burger King
Some of my niggas in the Ville, all they did was serve fiends
Fuck scales, I had skills, all day rehearsing
Them pretty boys had them gals, spent they time flirting
All they wanted was some waves like they fucking surfing
Hold up now, don't get it twisted, I ain't hating, do your thing
I was like a young Simba; couldn't wait to be the king
Now a nigga is the prince
Hopped over the fence where the grass way greener
Look at shorty ass, way meaner
Something like Serena mixed with Trina, have you seen her?
She fine enough to be Ms. Howard, word to Adina
My money like a senior, watch it graduate
Now it's time to eat, I'm letting all my niggas grab a plate
Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies
These niggas heard about me, now they acting like they know me

Keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (huh, yeah)
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (hey)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (going nigga, ay)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
Can't tell you where I'm going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, uh

Pardon the interruption, a proper introduction is necessary
When your shit is legendary, man
Greedy niggas wouldn't let me in the cafeteria'n
'Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian
The hoes is librarians; they looking me up
She got to Jones like Marion, she licking me up
Then we cut, look how she say my name
I got her moaning "J. Cole", they used to say Jermaine
I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin, six feet, shit's deep
I was low, just a dollar and some hope fixed me
'Cause I was broke, plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser
Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer
I'm a star; Converses
Conversin' with them girls with them curves like cursive
They open like curtains
'Cause my shit is unheard of like curses on the radio
Same bitches used to play me though, now they yelling

"Where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (huh, yeah)
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They keep on saying "Where you going, nigga?" (going nigga)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
I can't tell you where I'm going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, yeah

Yeah, I left the city for a minute, but it's still on my back
Told my niggas "Ay, I'm finna put the Ville on the map
I'll be back, and I'm coming with a deal and a plaque."
'Cause I'm ill, bitch, they couldn't make a pill for the rap
Pouring liquor for my niggas that was killed, send 'em back
Came home, shit is real, niggas still in the trap
Hold up now, don't get it twisted, if you slang, do your thing
Me, I'm like a young Simba; I can't wait to be the king
Witness the dream
Straight out that Carolina water, I was brought up
In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballers
Ain't no fathers, but the skinny niggas tryna hit they daughters
Sneaking in her crib, but her momma never caught us
What they taught us?
Man, them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters
We hooping, now the hoes wanna guard us
Uh, okay, so play D, know what I mean?
And I, I, I'll put you on the team
Man, this life is but a dream and I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport
I'm a fucking rap star

"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (shit)
It ain't no telling (yeah)
They say this life is but a dream, well I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport
I'm a fucking rap star
"Ay, where you going, nigga?" (yeah)
It ain't no telling

// Just To Get By //

That was the warm (that was the warm up baby)
Aiight, Elite for real. One tape and I'm up out of here
One, yup, yea
Lord please forgive me for my sinning, I ain't saying that I'm finished but I'm praying in advance
Cause they way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants
Yea ball game-I swear the hoes wasn't in my plans
When a nigga took a chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me
Like, bobby had Whitney we were cooking up crack!
But them 15 credits had a nigga off track
Picture that! The best rapper since lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his Bachelors
Remasterd this rap shit you hear the words coming from my lips, bastards
I never crack, I got that chapstick
I practiced til that shit made perfect and served it to the people on a silver platter
Now wheres the ladder?
Cause either you gonna whine or climb, I choosed the ladder
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
Before you get tossed like a forward lateral
We never tattle, let God handle that
Or let the mob handle that, No soprano
Half Black, half white I'm a piano
I'm an animal my video on discovery channel
I'm a beast when my shit hits the streets these niggas seize to exist
Like a beach in a tsunami you'll find me in The Ville in the state of NC
Bitch if I ain't back home I'm up in N-Y-C bout that money probably
Like a fucking robbery but I ain't Jacking
I'm chasing dreams sort of like jeans
Boy I ain't slacking, I'm chasing dreams sort of like Jeans boy I ain't slacking
Ay take a hard look at my drive nigga no hacking on my shit
I'm strait smacking niggas strait tagging niggas
Yo I'm freestylin fuck ya'll niggas ya'll be wilding and I'm OUT!

// Dead Presidents II //

[Verse 1:]
Yea Fayettenam
Uh, these niggas is playing Russian roulette with a full clip, foolish
My crew is foolless naw we don't dance all we do is stay two steps ahead
Make the hoes get loose like a noose neck-Instead while these dudes beg for head
They got the game twisted, heavy traffic in this rap shit
Look how my lane shifted, elevated my game, lifted my name
Now these lame niggas could never get it
Like that bad bitch you wanted but could never hit it
Clever with it, my flow like a devil spit it and heaven sent it
So high if I dropped I would fall for 11 minutes
So yea, I operate on a higher plain, my thoughts take a higher train
It's dope, then you should know the suppliers name
It's J. Cole, set of horns and a halo
And all these hoes ? wanna text-us like Waco
It's hard to remain faithful niggas be throwing hate
Yo I'm in a league of my own so what the fuck would I play for!?
Some next niggas almost slide in but didn't fit in
Naw I ain't Maury Povich but who the fuck is you kid-in?
These big weight niggas throwing their bid in
Try not to show stress
I guess the flow is protested like a sit in
I told my niggas we would get in
But that ain't even half the battle
Stay behind like a shadow
Or you catapult
Not if I had a ladder or not even if I had a rope
I'd climb that motherfucker to the top and never let it go!

[Chorus:]
(I'm out for presidents to represent me nigga!)
I out or president to represent me, yea!
I'm out for dead fuckin presidents to represent me! The warm up!
Yea, the warm up! yea the warm up
(This is, the warm up!)

[Verse 2:]
Ay, look heaven or hell you choose
Freedom or jail, you lose
I can't stop em as hot as the devils shoes
Overcame a low life status to blow like Gladys
Ahead of my time like I live my whole life backwards
I'm nothing like these hoe-like rappers
My whole life practice to be the one
What's it like to be Lebron
They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it
The weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it
I'll with it for real, lil nigga from Ville that real niggas can feel
Nobody taught us how to cook still niggas a grill
No Foreman, try not to call them ladies Bs but them hoes swarmin
Now honey, Ay is it destiny or is it money your feelin
Heard rumors of a deal and now you thinkin a million
Pardon my paranoid mind but I'm starin in the mirror livin in fear that things a never be the same
No one left for me to blame but myself cause I asked for this
Headed for fame but in my brain, hey can I last in this?
Ay five years I'll probably laugh at this
Try not to let it wear me out like a bad bitch with fashion sense
I keep it fresh while these whack niggas rehash and shit
Jackin styles you know, ski mask and shit
I pass these niggas, they trynna do it how these other niggas did it
I'm trynna live it how no other niggas ever lived it!

[Repeat Chorus:]

I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
I'm out for fucking presidents to represent me!
Dead fucking presidents to represent me!
The warm up!
Yea, yea yea yea yea yea! the warm up! yea yea yea yea the warm up hey!
Fayattenaaaam! nigga yea!, Carolina all day!
Yea!

// I Get Up //

[Verse 1:]
I woke up early in the mornin' hoes blowin up my phone
Ain't use to small talkin' when they know I'm Tryna bone, Fuck em'
I'll holla later man, right now my mind else where
My moms health care get her out this hell here 
Alot of niggas fail, but frail niggas won't prevail here
We seen it all man niggas can't even spell scared 
A fresh prince but yo my city ain't no Bel-Air
Fuck if you would sell, I'm worried bout my welfare
So farewell to them broke days and bonjour to the most paid
Soon as my dough straight I throw the wifey in some dolce
and put some chains on my niggas like own slaves
I get up look out the window hope the sun shining down on a nigga outhere front lining
I hit the streets and see them boys out here locking up some older head
So god damn homey hold ya head (And hold ya head)

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way

[Verse 2:]
Paint a picture and show the deaf what it's like to listen
And speak the words and tell a blind man what he missin'
For all my niggas doin' time man up in prison 
Thought you had to resort to crime man fuck the system
We raisin' babies up in hades where it ain't' no hope
Ain't no fathers don't take no scholarship to slang no dope
Politicians hollerin' bout' problems but I ain't gon' vote
He talk bout change still we floatin' in the same ol' boat
So tell me how I'm suppose to feel when the president spoke
When he ain't neva had to struggle ain't neva been broke
Ain't even roll through the ghetto ain't neva been close
Trustin' this government like trustin' the devil in oath
A rebel with quotes
I get up
Life style of the young black and reckless
A generation of niggas strapped and askin' questions
Like tell me why ain't got shit
I let this liquor fill my liver with them toxic
As I sip

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way

[Verse 3:]
Yeah
To all my niggas paper chasin'
I pray for your patience
Just keep the faith that you gon' make it one day you'll be cakin'
Takin' this shit one step at a time
That real shit is stuck in my mind but to that bullshit I'm deaf and I'm blind
Destined to shine I'm a find a way
Cause hey
Dammit them jobs outthere ain't tryna pay
I pray
Granted 9 to 5 is how you survive
I ain't tryna survive, I'm tryna throw my momma in rides
I'm a provide for my seed I'm the soil
I teach em' bout' loyalty
I teach em' that his skin black like oil that's for royalty
I show em' all the things that my pops was neva showin' me
Treat em' like a growin' tree with this poetry
I get up
And show the sons how to lead not to follow
The present is our gift but our seeds got tommorow
So please niggas raise your kids
And help em' overcome that bull shit they daze us with
I blaze the shit

[Chorus:]
I get up
I see the clouds from my window
I pray the sun gon' shine this way
And where I go as the wind blow
Momma ya son gon' find his way
And if I gotta crawl I'm a make to the end though 
Up to the top if climb my way
And tell em' I'm a rise I'm on my...
Headed for the sky I'm on my way

// World Is Empty //

[Verse 1:]
Yea, like I said man, you niggas need to be out there and smoking something man
You know what I'm saying?
Yea, it's Cole, won't lie, won't stop to the race is won
Niggas who be rapping how real they are, usually turn out to be the fakest ones
Carolina where I made it from
Cold world no blanket son
Girls fast how Jamaican run
Puffin on the city where the Lakers from, L-A, L-A, la la
So high everything is a ha ha from me
Dreamin of the days of a Drop 500 and a bad bitch that will go to Popeyes for me
You can never tell me that I'm not hungry, if you ever felt what's inside my tummy
My mom wanting out, is my time running out?
Is the Lord up top with a stop watch for me?
Hope not... hope not... hope nothope not
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
I'm just trynna make it my nigga

[Verse 2:]
Yea yea
A wise nigga told me don't chase that cash
Follow your heart you'll make that fast
Does a stripper love to shake that ass or does she wise to erase that past?
Got a nigga in her face just gassed like, baby girl why you take this path?
Stack in his hand trynna make that last, all she thinking bout is how to take his last
Rub tities in his face and laugh, gotta try not to look fake in fact
Alittle more money like a few more 20s and you let that nigga grab your naked ass?
Okay hes gone now
Roll her eyes when he whispers in her ear,
This ain't the life for you baby let me take you out of here cause.
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
She like, Nigga yea right, do you know how much mutha fucking money I'm making?

[Verse 3:]
Yea my nigga sit back blow in the air
Only getting high cause we close to the hell
Nigga trynna like like Hova oh-well, we broke and that doe coming slow as a snail
Hustle hard til there no inhale
Hit the block like a postman with mail
My brother got knocked now the hold him in cells
My mom broke but she posted the bail
Someway, some how niggas feelin like the sun down even when the sun up!
Hear the sound out the window of the gun bust
And you wonder why niggas keep the gun tucked
But, this how niggas was brung up
A mother just trynna raise her sun up
Til a stray bullet got his lungs struck
And the Governor could'ntgive one fuck
While she sangin
(My world is empty without you babe, my world is empty without you)
Damn, told you niggas cold world no blanket
Tough Luck, yea

// Dreams //

Yeah! Uh!
Yeah, you gotta look,
You gotta follow me, what I'm doin' rite here mayne
Like when I say this shit is crazy,
I don't mean it's crazy like crazy
I just mean crazy like it's fuckin', it's actually crazy,
Nah'mean
Yeah!

Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have
And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have
See, in my mind, it's like I'm perfect for her, I gotta show her
But sadly, in reality, dog, I don't even know her
But still somehow she got my mind infatuated
Absolutely fascinated with the thoughts of what she might be like
Time after time after time I had to wait, is-
Is fate procrastinating?
I can take it 'cause I might be right, 'cause it's

This is the girl of my dreams, yeah
Ay, is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Uh, ay should I try and get some help?
Yeah, this is the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay, should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah
Oh shit, she passed me on the boulevard
Ay, tell me is it stalking if I follow her
Like all the way home without her knowing
Nah, nigga, I'm just curious where she stay at
Besides when I'm with her, this gon' be the spot we lay at
And maybe I'll just drive by occassionally
And if one day I happen to see her outside, she wave to me,
Imagine what she'll say to me
This ain't no time to be afraid no more
It's time for bravery
No matter if my homies think I'm crazy

This the girl of my dreams
Hey, ay is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Uh, ay should I try and get some help?
Yeah, this is the girl of my dreams
Ay, is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay, should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah, look
I spot her walking in the mall, okay, it's time to grow some balls
If she really gon' be yours, oh my god, I'm walking towards her
My mind screaming stop, but my legs keep walking forward
Straighten up your face, nigga, she see you coming for her
My heartbeat racing, and my hands keep shaking
Say something, you shy motherfucker, she's waiting,
"Wassup girl, don't mean to interrupt
But in the city I done met a lot of women
But you from my dreams, ay will you come true?
I know about a show that we can catch,
Some R&B and rap, ay you should come thru"
She said, "uh, I love too, except I don't like rap
Besides, if I went with you, then I don't really think my man would like that"
Damn! Man,
Okay, you say you got a man,
I mean, I definitely understand, I'm happy for you, really am,
I couldn't have been the only fan in the world Of a girl like you
I mean, you're beautiful, and I'm sure he's a very nice dude
It ain't no biggie, well I'm sure that I'm gon' see you around the city
Only thing I ask if shit don't work out for y'all, don't forget me
And don't act like a stranger when you see me on the scene
I came up with a world-class scheme to get

The girl of my dreams
Uh, ay is she good as what she seems?
Uh, or am I lying to myself?
Or should I try and get some help?
This is the girl of my dreams
Ay is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay should I try and get some help?

Yeah, yeah
So I find out the nigga name, know exactly where he stayin'
Find out when he leave for work, hold up nigga, is you sane?
I'm a follow in my car; I'm a cut in front of his
Run him right into the wall, maybe even off the bridge
I give her a little time, then console her while she crying
She gon' take that as a sign; finally she will be mine
I'll be king, and she'll be queen when I hit her with ring
At the wedding, who gon' sing?

This the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Ay should I try and get some help?
Ay, this is the girl of my dreams
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lying to myself?
Think I should I try and get some help?

Haha
Yeah
Aye!

// Royal Flush //

Yep
Da dump dump
This is the....warm up

Ok I roll up, hold up, look at how I showed up
I blowed up had a hole up in my pocket now its sowed up
They feenin for that crack, you know that rock, I got that product
You niggas tryna stop it betta load up
I hang my coat up
Ah I'm goin be here for a while so I smile hatas
I'm on that green like a flower like a alligator
Now or laters, I'm serving niggas Imma sound waiter
Just tell me what you want, I bring that back an hour later
Look how how I cater, dog what you fraid of, nothing
They talking gangsta, without no data, they frontin
Jackie chan, jean claude van dam straight stuntin, I wish a nigga would say something
Imma carolina nigga boy I got it on my back
Piggyback style I aint talkin bout no tat
And Imma rep the ville in every city that im at
And I guareente I'm bring home plaques
Shout out to my brother zach
And my mother
I love you
Yea, look,
Aint that about a bitch this nigga on his own his dick
They say I'm like the human body I produce my own shit
And I toot my own horn, a star when I was born
My name aint james, my word is bond
Yeah
Shout out to cannibus had a similar line ninety-eight ninety-nine
Damn them was the times
Nevermind dwelling in the past, your listening to the future
Them flows get tighter, them hoes get looser
Then they wanna suduce you like medusa be cool
I said "I got a girl", she told me "me too"
So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood (shit)
Baby dont be foolish, but call her I'll watch her do it
You know

And this is only the warm up

// Dollar And A Dream II //

Hey, hey, yea, yea
Got a dolla and a dream
Yea
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Yea
I got a dolla and a dream, hey

Ay, I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Niggas hatin' but I love them even though they trynna scheme
But I'm past that, a niggas stock is raising like the NASDAQ
They same I'm the future but yet I'm giving niggas flashbacks
Of better days, when you ain't have to settle for whatever played
I represent the struggle nigga I say what they never say
Whenever they, spit that bullshit they spittin
This that pool pit I'm hittin niggas with the gospel
Hostile with them hoes, I got a dolla in my pocket, plus a dream
Yea you laughing my nigga but everything ain't what it seems
What it means to know your momma or your father on that pipe
On that hard white, I'll tell you what them scares like
I'm speaking through these bars like a nigga in the jail
Tired of sifting through my mails I feel like Cartwright, bills
For real, a nigga I'll
Just let me do the talking men I know how niggas feel

I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems

I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
Every lady ain't no hoe, and every bitch ain't no queen
Every nigga ain't no dog, and every nigga ain't no king
Shit be happening for a reason, everything is everything
Every nigga can't dunk, so white man can jump
They shooting niggas fo' they even tell em put their hands up!
Crooked cops, got a nigga scared to drive probably thinking
That I'm slanging man I see it in their eyes
But inside of my pocket is a dolla plus a dream
Yea you swear your girl is faithful everything ain't what it seems
See I seen how she glance and look away like she want it
I ain't saying I'm a fuck her but I could if I wanted
Know it hurts that she flirts with a nigga this is worst
I bet if I was to hit men, I wouldn't be the first
This is church, this is gospel
Spit it like I get from the Bible, for your survival


I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems

Check it
Ay Salle, I know I ain't been answering your calls, but shit, let me explain-
It's because times been hard, been runnin around trynna find a job
I hear my phone ringing in the morning, 9 o'clock
And it's you, can't even front I press ignore
I still got cha letters laying in my dresser draw
You telling me about all the things you did for me
When I was broke, you sent me doe and that was big for me
See you was there every year when I needed you,
And you were so quick to give I had to be with you
Remember when I used to call you on your phone line
I knew it was official when my momma cosigned
But in no time, a nigga graduated
I hit the real world, baby girl I'm sad to say it
But I was using you, you gave a nigga major stacks
And I know one day in my heart that I'm gonna pay you back"
I got a dolla and a dream

// Water Break (Interlude) //

I feel like we should just you know keep the world in suspense no longer 
And you know just put J. Cole on the spot
Yea, anyway can turn me up?
Yea, yea, yea
Hey, yea, there's no way to turn me up?
If not it's all good
Yea, hey hey hey
I bet they never seen him coming, like a blind bitch you fucking from behind
It's the mother fucking dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons
My shit is jumping like the prom
Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady
On your mattress where they gave me that
I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back
While they relax, I stay in tip top shape
And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks
Flip, flops
Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks
Game tight like Ziploc
Hlaf black other half white like Kid Rock
Try to tell it to a Cizz-op
Thought it would work, it did not
He told me "Nigga stizz-op
You know you is not", wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked
Fuck, this is for hip hop gassed up like a quick stop
They light a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot,
Even if you squatted under volcanoes niggas your shit not
I'm raw but I kid not
Your shit flop, I give props to the legends
Praise God but I give not to the Reveren's
Looking up to the heavens like,
"Where did all my blessings go?"
You chasing dreams but then you stop, guess you'll never know
I got a show for you to watch heres an episode
Professional, set to blow any minute now
Many women smile, look the lights and the action
And the cameras be calling
You niggas got to log in, bitch you fantasy balling
I snuck up like I planned to be
This ain't randomly recorded
Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that twitter shit
Thought I get a deal then head straight to the dealership
But looking at my deal
I probably can't afford benifitis
Medical, dental shit
Left but I always came back like a rent a whip
Dirty ass game, dog I can run a kennel with
All these bitch niggas who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with
Me I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em'
Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on them
Start talking that beef shit, I turn the Kimbo on em'
I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em'
Yea! And I'll still keep going, keep flowing

// Heartache //

[Intro:]
Yeah yeah yeah
Elite Elite Elite... Elite
Ya know

[Verse 1]
Yeah, yeah
Slim nigga, lyrically on my limbs
Bigga then a nigga hittin' the gym
Regular benchpressin' the bar,
Ten steps up from ya'll, you could follow my lead,
If you shoot for the stars, I guess you aimin' at me
But please hold your applause
Ya'll holdin' up the wall goddammit I'm on the flo'
Good Lord, can't you see me gettin' down on a ho
And she drop it so low she sittin down on the flo'
I never pound with the flo, at times I wonder
Aye when they listen to my shit man can they hear my hunger?
Or will these hatin' ass rappers try to steal my thunder
Aye this is big shit poppin', you gon' need a plunger
To take me under, niggas in trouble
You lookin' at Lebron James of the game
I could do anything that you name
I could blaze any rapper in the game that you bring
Pour gasoline on the brain, got the flame for that
So you hatin' niggas refrain from that
A little bitter cause yo game is whack
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah
I'll let Elite breathe, yeah

[Chorus]
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey

[Verse 2]
A dolla and a dream, that's all a nigga got
So, if it's 'bout that C.R.E.A.M, then I'm all up in the spot
I'm just warmin' up, I'm hot but naw I ain't flashin'
I never gave a fuck about no high-end fashion
And maybe I was too broke, maybe I'm just too dope
To rap about that regular shit, or bag a regular bitch
These niggas talkin' like they on the next level and shit
But Cole's flow so cold, Bet the devil get sick
How do you want it? So sick I make you mentally vomit
These rappers askin' for beats and they ain't even fit to be on it
I see 'em writin' about rappers, I should be sick to my stomach
Because they talk 'bout the future but didn't mention me on it
So now I'm back in the kitchen, cookin' I'm meant to be one of the greatest
No niggas seein' me, this century us and you hate it
Look how I played it, other niggas was jaded
Under-appreciated, now Carolina is rated
I let Elite breathe, yeah
Hey, uh uh uh
I let Elite breathe, yeah

[Chorus]
Aye you ain't gotta cry, don't worry 'bout me
I know it won't be long 'fore you know about me
My head's to the sky and I'm on my grind
I'm reachin' for the clouds, tryna take what's mine
Take what's mine
Hey, hey

// Get Away //

LA, NC, NY, the Chi

Yea - hey
Yea

I wake up, hop out the shower
Spray cologne on while I'm dressin
They hollin bout recessions, so my niggas out here stressin
But bitch I'm live and breathin, so to me that there's a blessin
See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in
Steppin out today, I gotta leave the crib 
Mama stressin out, I pray
That ain't nobody gone put a weapon out this way
Cause I don't got no strap
And ever since we hit Depression niggas don't know how to act
In fact, there go some niggas there
Hatin I feel the stare
Me vs. you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware
Let ya'll feel the glare I gotta go now
I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down
Shawty hollin, so I pull up beside her
I'm frontin what's your name?
She told me boy you know me, don't play no games
Now look they say you blowin up, hey is it true fired up?
I say girl they wasn't kiddin like they tubes tied up

I'm hollin hey
Good god what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay
And tell me whats work without play

All my niggas hollin hey
Good god what a day
Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away
Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world
Its just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holla 

Okay so word been spreadin,that I done jetted to New York
I was up there doin my thang
So now some folks I used to know is hollin out J. Cole!
I gotta chuckle cause I know they use to say Jermaine
So who changed?
What's in a name though, when niggas can't hang on your shoe strings
The flow insane plus I got that flame throw, that Lou Cain
Even in the winter, we bring, feelings of summer, Suzanne
We get them hooks like T-Pain and scoop them hoes like loose change
Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville
These wanksta ass niggas gettin played out forreal
You actin like you trill nigga you betta not
You talkin out yo' ass you finna get your head rocked
This is where they shoot em sideways
Boys gettin blazed
Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away
Now come here ladies, see we tryna get ya'll loose, pour it up
Take this juice we gone mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up

I'm hollin hey
Good god what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressin over shit they gotta pay
And tell me whats work without play

All my niggas hollin hey
Good god what a day
Hey babygirl, tell me, can you get away
Where ain't nobody hollin bout the problems of the world
Its just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holla 

Yea - hey - yea

// Knock Knock //

Yea, we fresh off-mutherfuckin South Beach
Yea, huh,
Sometimes play the villan, sometimes play the hero
Sometimes I be dealer sometimes I be primo
Sometimes I be feeling, I got a big ego
Other times a nigga swim a round like Nemo
Uh, small fish in a big ass pond pushed around like a mower on a big ass lawn
I get my weight up, 
Inflat up and make these old niggas open the gate up at the mansions that they laid up in
Like, "Hello my name is Cole" I'm walking right up in and well known
Don't give a fuck it you gon hate it man, hey fellow
Either you follow me or swallow me bitch
And I done hit to many hoes to ever pause that shit
Now since I just seen my face up in the XXL
A few chicks want to text let's chill-how obvious
Girls from all over the world is my hobby and I got a chic who stay in DC like a lobbyist
My old chick from Rawley that I still like to parley with
Just to hear that accent, now come and get that back bent
The moans turn to screams I can feel her climaxing
Now if you faking that baby you need to try acting
Hollywood shit, 
Had a nigga feeling like the milkman deliver that due to body good dick
Feeling like I got game that Karate could'ntkick,
Therefore I'm bagging things that you probably wouldn't get, what up!
I'm a talk until you tell me shut up
Huh, and we can walk the beach until the sun up
Huh, I ain't gon lie I'm trynna get some cut up!
Ay, so what up! Hey
You heard that huh?
Oh you ain't heard of me well I prefer that!
Uh, I text my number to you did you get that?
Huh, well when you lonely baby you can hit back
And I I'll fix that
Tell me is you with that, hey, ay tell me is you with that
Ay tell em is you with that
Yea, ay baby is you with that! Yea

// Ladies //

[Verse 1:]
Yea, ay, look
When she talk she so closed minded all she want to do is shop she so clothes minded
Wanna cop the latest before them other hoes find it
Material girl yet somehow I don't mind it
Probably cause she so fine it will blow your mind she black and Pocahontas
Laid back and blow that grind
Ass so fat wanna tat my logo on it so any other nigga that a tap, will know it's mine
I put in work overtime, let me cut mow the lawn
Guarantee I blow your mind
She try to play me til she learned I wrote a rhyme
That's that nigga from the Ville that I heard that Hova signed
The rap form Lebron, "Oh girl that boy the bomb!
No chain around his neck but better watch out for the charm
Your not my daughter um, but you can be my baby
Summertime, wintertime, anytime we looking for them ladies

[Chorus:]
Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave!
Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves
Yea now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood

[Verse 2:]
Yea, she said I got a man
Well baby I don't give a fuck
See me I understand, and I ain't trynna spilt you up!
Okay give me your number
And later I'm a hit you up
If you sleep I get you up
Ride over and pick you up
If it's clean I'll lick you up!
Yea do you research
I'll rock that ass to sleep and have you sleeping in my tee shirt
Just came home from getting my South Beach on
You know I ran the streets like a dog without a leash on
She tryna get her freak on come up on his ski jet
You scared of that water of you just scared to get your weave wet
Barely got your feet wet
Guess I know where we headed
Tryna see throw it back let's check your reflexes
Good Lord, didn't know what I was in for!
You can be my cuddy buddy - baby what are friends for
I spend up the tempo them other niggas lazy
Can't fuck with nothing younger than the 80s I'm grown and I'm looking for some Ladies

[Chorus:]
Ay with your fat ass booty and your curly ass weave!
Yea, I ain't tricking but I got a couple tricks under my sleeves
Ay now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yea if your from the suburbs of the hood
(Ladies, beautiful Ladies, ohh Ladies, all of you ladies)

// Til' Infinity //

Uh, yea let me warm up man, let me warm up man!
I got to warm up man!
Yea, Elite what up! Yea Warm Up
Yea, look niggas wanna know the formula for success, sheeitt, but I studied for this test
Ay nigga I'm better than the rest you just rest boy please
Me I'm trynna stretch my treasurer chest like some double D breast
So a nigga on a quest no question, so I tell em birds no nesting
Laying in my bed I hope to lay a niggas egg, No- you'll never hatch mines
Baby, you don't match mines
I'm trynna shine like the bat sign when it's crime and the gats flyin up in Gotham
Watch em
Far from a thug but I'll drop one
Far from a scrub but I'll mop them
Watch em better leave em alone like Stockton when he retired
Shit your shit is fire boy stop
I don't buy, boy caught, stop laying
Ya shit is not hot man if niggas not buying
It's not rocket science
But the way I rock it help me build up my alliance
These niggas ain't playing in New York like the Giants-ha!
A little line to show love to the city that got no love
Don't want to see a nigga grow rather see a nigga hold-up
That's cold blooded, well never to fail
If you can make it here you can make if from heaven to hell
I'm just a little nigga strait out the Ville
Always been sick probably never get well
And no time soon, step to a nigga get 4 times 2
Bet the way I spit it leave your mind blue with more rhymes due
Nigga you tryning who?
Sheeit, nigga you tryning me bitch I'm better than all them niggas you trynna be
Shit, nigga you trying me? Bitch I'm better than all them niggas you trynna be
Look, it's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
Bitch there's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
It's no time to chill I'm trynna get Mills
There's not time to chill I'm trynna build
Bitch it's no time to chill nigga! Yep

// The Badness //

Yea, keep following me keep calling me
Yea, yea, yea
Ay, believe in God like the sun up in the sky!
Science can tell us how how but they can't tell us why
I seen a baby cry then seconds later she laughed, the beauty of life-
The pain never lasts
The rain always past, the sun don't always shine
When it's gone I'm lonely, but when it's there I'm fine
I hate the winter time because the nights come quicker
The light make them whites think I'm a nice young nigga
But at night they think twice and walk a little faster
It's funny, 100 yrs ago I would of called Id a call this nigga masta
How the tables turn but still the fire burning huh
I feel the heat the world is a dryer turning, turning
I'm looking for some higher learning, learning
Girl you what I desire, yearning, yearning
You cay I'm easily distracted I think the problem is I'm easily attracted by the darkside
The temptation got me questioning where my heart lies
I'm trynna separate myself like apartheid
But ay the liquor keep swallowing I swear I walk with God but the devil keep following
I say the devil keep following, following
I say the devil keep following, following
I say the devil keep following, following
Omen
Feel like I'm riding on a chartered plane of broken hearted pain
Turbulence is constant my pilot has gone insane
If I can find a parachute to parasail, maybe these parasites of paranoia won't prevail
Character dope as hell, but where is my parallel sweetheart?
Deep thoughts lost in my brain so I sleep hard-
Nights with no progress
Man I'm thinking like I'll probably find a Locness in the projects before I find this-
Object of my love, this object of my heart
Couture strings have strum in search of my counterpart
Bound to start drinking or smoking, sinking this ocean
Leaping through the badness hoping I'm reaching for closeness
Feel like the devil keep following me
Feel like the devil keep following me

// Hold It Down //

[Talking]
[Verse 1]
If my heart stop pumping tomorrow don't feel no sorrow
'Cause life is hard mentally
And everything is meant to be
Sometimes I ask myself if I was gone who would remember me?
It's hard to tell
Oh well, sit back and sip this Hennessey
Now lately it's been hard to tell my friends part from my enemies
'Cause plenty niggas show me love but in their hearts they envy me
Why?
I'm just a nigga from around the way
Told my mama I'd make it happen and I found a way
Pour out some liquor for my niggas at the crossroads
And may the Lord give guidance to the lost souls
I know that deep inside these niggas know there's more to life
Than macking hoes and stacking dough
Man I'm sorta like a nigga who done seen greener grass
So when they think they balling like the dream team
My nigga I done seen meaner cash
And I'm trying to get
Follow me nigga I'm on the prowl
Headed to the top
You watching me nigga?
Then hold it down

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
So hold me down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold it down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down)

[Verse 2]
You was my nigga from the younger days
We grew up
I went to school, you went the other way
But still my brother man
I'm sitting reminiscing on
All of them bitches we was tripping over, kissing on
Or at the skating rink
We trying to bag some new hoes
And if I needed gear you'd let me hold your new clothes
And vice-a-versa man
But now that life is worser man
A nigga slow caking
I'm broke trying to chase a dream
You just got probation
And I'm stressed
Your little sister pregnant
What's next?
Oh shit, my mama doing drugs
At times it's hard to feel blessed
In this madness
I holla at my nigga in the sadness
Remember when your mama tried to beat you with that bat?
Shit, remember your chick Nina?
Man that ass was the fattest
Remember my crush on Sabrina?
Yo she's still the baddest
I'm just glad that I can holla at you
It's been a while
Until the next time I hear from you
Aye, hold it down

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
So hold it down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold me down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down)

[Verse 3]
These is tough times baby
But we'll make it through
You know I'm headed for the top
I swear I'm taking you
Just hold a nigga down through this bad weather
The rain falling
Ain't balling but I have better
A woman with an ass and a strong mind
It's been a long time
Sometimes you on your bullshit
Sometime I'm on mine
Will I have a hard time to stay committed?
Or do I only want your voice moaning when I hit it?
Man only God knows
I know deep in your heart you don't want me to be no star though
There's groupies after every show
You scared I'm fucking every hoe
And girl I ain't 'gon lie and say I won't
'Cause shit you never know
But may the Lord give me strength
I love you more than anything
The future mother of my kids
The love is real
And if we ever part, God forbid
I love you still
So when I'm on the road don't trip
You know I'm down for you
Keep it tight and don't slip
And hold it down for me

[Chorus]
Hold it down
If you need to holla at me don't hesitate to call
It ain't a problem
I can be there
I ride for
Lie for you
I know you'd do the same
I would die for you
And hold me down
When the times is hard I'll be around
So hold me down
And it don't matter how far
I'll be around
(I hold it down) [x3]

// Last Call //

[Intro:]
Yea, warm up!
La-la-la-laaaa, la lala la lalaaaa

[Verse 1:]
Yea, ay yea Fayettenam
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey
Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses
To the sky is, yea this is the last call for alcohol
This is the Warm Up
Yea, look now to the few niggas out there who heard my last shit
Which if I must say so myself that was a classic
I never been the type to ride my own coat tail
But it's obvious I'm here to stay, a fucking hotel
I came up, I warmed up!
The next up, I blow up!
If you ain't peep the trend by now with each rap I go up
Look all he wanted was a deal so when he got it he just faded
But tell me what's a deal when you want to be the greatest?
So Jay I appreciate it, hell of a stepping stone
Wonder if he see it in my eyes I'm trying to get the throne
Wonder if the people know how many nights I spent alone
Making beats writing rhymes, thinking deep fighting time
I'm getting better but wasn't getting younger
And all that time can make the most confident nigga wonder
But never doubt it or allowed that shit to phase me yo
Just switch my thoughts up like the stations on the radio nigga now I am

[Chorus:]
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, it's the Fayettenam hey
Hey and your glasses and your glasses and your glasses
This is the last call for alcohol
This is the warm up!
So get cha back up off the wall

[Verse 2:]
Yea, now may I never slip up or let my grip up
I know my girl be praying Lord just keep his pants zipped up! -
Now if some groupie bitch is on his dick then make it's stiff up,
at least give the nigga commonsense to wrap his dick up
Toast the spliff up, our glasses then sip up,
We fly past they look up
They don't last we give up
They don't blast we clip up then empty
And indeed we hit the target yea these niggas think they the shit and they ain't even farted yet
Style incomplete like a garbage ass quarterback
My office is forreal ah fuck sack, niggas getting coffin in the Ville
Way too often and it feels wrong
New York Niggas fuck with me I got em singing Ville songs
I guess it's only right cause we grew up singing they shit
Big shit, Mase shit, Nas shit, Jay shit
Times for a Carolina nigga to take his place with the greats
A slim nigga making bold statement
Ay J. Cole how you do that there? I hear you blowing up my nigga
I'm like, true that yea,
In NY but smile everytime I flew back there
That Carolina, Fayettenam oh yea my crew back there
I go home been so long they saying, you back here? -
Took a turn for the worst boy don't move back here
Don't do that! You who that?
He rep the Ville when he spit it told you he be back with a record deal and he did it
Nigga, fuck spinning on my pivot homie, I'm finna travel to the reps blow the whistle on me
I got a whole fuckig city that's just sitting on me
But yea it fits on my back, my state is sitting on that
Will I drop? I think not I get up while they stop-like a sleeve on tank tops
They ain't give it all they got so they flop
So hey watch, how I'm finna take their spot
Now I'm starring and they not-let me show you how to stay hot
I play not man I'm killing em even your idols feeling em dog
The same nigga who used to chill in the mall
While they were still in the mall, I was up there spilling my rap
The hero fighting them just to put the Ville on the map
Now I am
Now I am, hey and they ask and they ask and they ask and I tell them, Mr. Fayettenam hey
Hey and raise your glasses and your glasses and your glasses to the sky and...
This is the last call for alcohol

[Talking:]

// Losing My Balance //

Yea huh
Yea one, two, one, two, one, two
One, two, one two uh-huh
Yea, uh
Yea uh

Miss high profile caught you shopping on Canal
I guess it makes sense, it seems phony as your style
Your hair and your nails just as phony as your smile
Fake eyelashes, you drew your eyebrows
It make a brother ask, do you pride yourself?
Your make up like a mask, tryna hide yourself
It seems on the outside you thinking you the shit
But there's a soul that's inside that you don't even knew exist
So you so out of touch that the world mistreat you,
Rich niggas fuck you and broke niggas beat you
Hoping this will reach you when you understand
That your value ain't determined by another man
Cause right now you let them brothers get the upper hand
And you just tell them go deep like Cunningham
And you just let them OD like Len Bias
And that pussy so good he let his friends try it

Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance,
Girl you losing your balance uh, yea
Don't slip don't fall,
Just a get a grip my nigga hold on
Don't lose your balance,
Don't lose your balance

I look around at my city this is SinVille
That boy 11 years old and can inhale
Sometimes I ride around wondering if we in hell
Or why the cops love to throw a nigga in jail
I'm bout to lose it I just had another friend killed
Over some bullshit this cycle's like a windmill
I had a convo with my soul I asked it "When will, this shit change? "
It said boy "Just use them pen skills"-
And so I write this for my niggas on the corner
Love you cause you my brother so I feel I got to warn ya
This shit ain't set up for a young brother to advance
On that note, you niggas playing right into their hands
Damn, better get yourself some goals, you niggas better dream
I know the hood raised you but there's bigger better things
And for those that passed I need a moment of silence
Sssssshhhhh

Yea and don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance,
Don't be losing your balance,
My nigga don't be losing your balance,
Uh yea so don't slip, don't fall
Just a get a grip my nigga hold on
Don't lose your balance, uh
Don't lose your balance

I got a thing for this little mama
She do it to me plus her brain is forreal I'm a... sucka for love I guess
Won't catch her up in the club cause she ain't into that
Kind of chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate
Say she never fuck with thug niggas only gentlemen
And yea that ass is fat but what's better is her intellect
Other men ah sweat her when we walk past
Can't even blame em' I did the same when I saw that ass
Matched with the thin waist, brown with a slim face
Love the conversation and the kicks was like a sensei
Now she got me chillin' with her all around the clock
My homiess beefin' cause I never come around a lot
Keep on telling me I changed and things ain't the same
And ever since she came around I never want to hang
They tell me that it's foul how a chick will make me switch
But man I can't help it dog her mind got me whipped

I think I'm losing my balance
I think I'm losing my balance yea
She got me losing my balance, uh
She got me losing my balance,
But I won't slip I won't fall,
Just a get a grip and hold on
Losing my balance,
Losing my balance

