Album: Doggystyle

// Bathtub //

[Snoop and some girl are in a bathtub]

Uhh, that felt good
Does it baby?
Yeah, rub my back for me
Where do you want me to rub it baby?
Right here
OK
Ohh
Turn around
Aight, check it out though
Why don't you put me on some music?
What you wanna hear baby?
Put me on some of that old gangsta shit
Aight
[ding dong] [needle scratching]
Damn! the fuck is that, everytime i'm chillin someone ringing my
motherfuckin doorbell
You want me to get that for you?
Yeah, handle that shit for me
Aight, i'll be right back
What the fuck?

[diffrent voices say thigs to snoop]
Hey Snoop!
Yo, what's up Snoop Dogg?!

Hey, hey, hey Snoop, what's goin on?
What's up G-Dogg?
Ohh nuttin, tryin to live between this guy
I met tonight to have some dirt no way man
Right right
That nigga fucked about right about now Dogg
I'm about ready to get up out this damn
I'm ready to get his shit up man
With motherfuckin law after me
Punk ass bitches, sucka ass niggaz
I can't take this shit no more dogg
What?! Man you wanna get out the game, come on man
ou can, smoke a pound of bud everyday
You got a big screen TV, man, you wanna give all this up?
You got the dopest shit out on the streets
Nigga, is you crazy? That's the American Dream nigga
Well ain't it? 
Fool, you better come on in
Wait wait wait wait hold up Snoop
Hey nigga, I put five dollars on the weed
You better quit fuckin with me

[Dre] It's time to get busy in this motherfucker...
Like we always do about this time

// G Funk Intro //

[Intro:]

Yeah....
This is another story about dogs
For the dog that don't pee on trees, is a bitch
So says Snoop Dogg, get your pooper scooper
Cuz the nigga's talkin shit
Aroof! [echoes]

[Verse One:  Rage]

I'm sippin on Tanqueray
with my my mind on my money and my mouth in the ganjahy
R-A-G to the motherfuckin E
Back with my nigga S-N double O-P
[Dre] Yeah, and ya don't stop
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
[Dre] I said yeah, and you don't quit
[Snoop] Hey yo Rage would you please drop some gangsta shit
I rock ruff and stuff with my Afro Puffs
Handcuffed as I bust bout to tear shit up
Oh what did ya think I, could never think I
Would be the one to make you blink out, I catch you like Inca
Never will there ever be another like me
Um you can play the left, cuz it ain't no right in me
Out the picture out the frame out the box I knock em all
Smack em out the park, like A Friendly Game of Baseball
Grand, slam, yes I am
Kickin up dust and I don't give a god DAMN
Cuz I'm that lyrical murderer
Pleading guilty, you know for my skills I'm about to be
Filthy large, Rage in charge
You know what's happenin don't try to play large
this ain't no Rerun, see hun, don't ya wanna be one
A cover, word to wreck ya, cause I never get my vocals
I'm loco, close to Constatanople, uhhh! 
I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa
puffin stuff, aiyyo Snoop, you're up
Let these niggaz know that niggaz don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

This is just a small introduction to the G Funk Era
Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror 
And I see motherfuckers tryin to be like me
Every since I put it down with the D-R-E

[Outro:]

Foamin at the mouth and waggin his tail
Searchin through the yards with a keen sense of smell
Lookin for the business in heat
And when he find it he'll be sniffin her seat
We travel in packs and we do it from the back
How else can you get to the booty?
We do it Doggystyle, all the while we do it Doggystyle
Yo motherfuckin hoes!!!
He fucked the fleas off a bitch
He shaked the ticks off his dick
And in the booty, he buries his motherfuckin bone
And if there's any left over
He'll roll over and take a doggy bag home

Damn, that Tanqueray is talkin to a nigga
I ain't bullshittin, one of y'all niggaz gotta get it
Man I got ta piss
Breath test?

// Gin And Juice //

I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggas got some bad motherfucking breath
Oh man aye baby, aye baby, shit,
Aye baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker or something
Aye, nigga, get something to eat, dog
Study long, study wrong nigga

With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard being Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep coming up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's
And, make a few ends as I breeze, through
Two in the morning and the party's still jumping
'Cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room getting it on
And, they ain't leaving 'til six in the morning, six in the morning
So what you wanna do, shit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But—but what?—we don't love them hoes
So we gon' smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Now, that I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this type of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listening to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to macking to this bitch named Sadie
Sadie?
She used to be the homeboy's lady
Oh, that bitch
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-Ts, 'cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
Bitch, I'm just

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Later on that day
My homie Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stopping, I'm still popping
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
'Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raising up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the door
And I'll be

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice, bitch
With my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice, bitch
With my mind on my money and my money on my mind

// W Balls //

[Ricky Harris & The Queen of Funk:]
[Radio Static]
That was the Dogg Pound here right on W Balls
187.4 on your FM dial
You're tuned in to the biggest balls of them all: DJ Saul T. Nuts
Aye, don't forget about my homeboy EZ Dicc and the Jackoff Hour
That's happening at twelve o'clock tonight
Right now we got some new Snoop Doggy Dogg for that ass
This one is called "Tha Shiznit"
You're about to go downtown bitch
Right here on the station that plays only platinum hits
That's 187.4 on your FM dial
If you're licking, that's W Balls
[Radio Static]
Everybody's got to hear the shit, on W Balls, W Balls, W Balls

// Tha Shiznit //

[Verse One:]

Poppin, stoppin, hoppin like a rabbit
When I take the nina Ross ya know I gota ta have it
I lay back in the cut retain myself
Think about the shit, and I'm thinkin wealth
How can I makes my grip
And how should I make that nigga straight slip
Set trip, gotta get him for his grip
as i dip around the corner, now i'm on a-nother
mission, wishin, upon a star
Snoop Doggy Dogg with the caviar
In the back of the limo no demo, this is the real
Breakin niggaz down like Evander Holyfield, chill
to the next Episode
I make money, and I really don't love hoes
Tell ya the truth, I swoop in the Coupe
I used to sell loot, I used to shoot hoops
But now I, make, hits, every single day
With, that nigga, the diggy Dr. Dre
So lay back in the cut, motherfucker 'fore you get shot
It's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop

[Verse Two:]

Boy it's gettin hot, yes indeed it is
Snoop Dogg on the mic i'm about as crazy as Biz
Markie, spark the, chronic bud real quick
And let me get into some fly gangsta shit
Yeah, I lay back, stay back in the cut
Niggaz try to play the D-O-G like a mutt
I got a little message, don't try to see Snoop 
I'm fin to fuck a bitch, what's her name it's Luke
You tried to see me, on the TV, youse a B.G.
D-O-double-G, yes I'ma O.G.
You can't see my homey Dr. Dre
So what the fuck a nigga like you gotta say
Gotta take a trip to the MIA 
And serve your ass with a motherfuckin AK
You, can't, see, the D-O-double-G, cuz that be me
i'm servin um, swervin in the Coupe
The Lexus, flexes, from Long Beach to Texas
Sexist, hoes, they wanna get witht his
Cuz Snoop Dogg is the shit, beeeitch!

[Verse Three:]

Ahhhh, I'm somewhat brain boggled
So I look to the microphone and slowly start to wobble
Grab it, have it, stick it to the plug
It's Snoop, Doggy, I got a got a fat dub
Sack of the chronic in my back pocket loc
Need myself a lighter so I can't take a smoke
I toke everyday, I loc everyday
With the P-O-U-N-D and my nigga Dr. Dre
Lay back in the cut, like I told your ass
Gimme the microphone and let me hit you with a blast
I got a little cousin by the name of Daz
And bitches who fuck him, gimme the ass
Cuz they know about the shit that we be goin through
And they know about the shit that I be puttin up
And they be knowin bout the shit I do when I'm on the mic
Cause Snoop Dogg is Trump tight like a virgin, the surgeon
Is Dr. Drizzay, so lizzay, and plizzay
With D-O-double-Gizzay the fly human being seein
No I'm not European bein all I can
When I put the motherfuckin mic in my hand, and 
You don't understand when i'm kickin
Cuz Snoop is on the mic and I gets wicked, follow me
Listen to me, cuz I do you like you wanna be done
Snoop Doggy Dogg on this three two one, umm
Dum, diddy-dum here I come
With the gat and the guitar was strung, I'm
not that lunatic nigga who you thought I was
When I caught you slippin, I'm gon catch you then I peel your cap
Snapped back, relax
Ya better not be slippin with them deez on the '83 Cadillac
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this

// Lodi Dodi Intro //

Domino motherfucker what's happenin?
Ahh nigga eat a dick nigga, don't break my momma's nice ass table nigga
Yeah fuck that, fuck what they talkin bout nigga
Rack them motherfuckin dominoes up nigga
Fuck that nigga, just look, look out for the table nigga
Fuck that
Aiyyo where's Snoop Dogg?
I don't know them niggaz went upstairs with that big booty bitch man
Ahh no he ain't bustin no nuts on my momma's spread
That nigga up there gettin his socks blown the fuck off
Gettin his ass chewed out
Better ask somebody
Balls licked up and down
Hell yeah
Aiyyo whassup with them niggaz that was on the TV dissin you?
Man fuck them niggaz, man I ain't thinkin about that old shit, man
Busta ass, HIV pussy-ass motherfuckers
Yo yo yo Daz, easy come, easy *blam*

// Lodi Dodi //

Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this

La Di Da Di, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're, just some niggaz who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
Cuz it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditionin
Which we create, cuz that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every-day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the mornin
I gave myself a strech up, a mornin yawn and
went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
and said um "Mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top Dogg of them all?"
There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard"
Well that's true, that's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay, cuz my skin gets pale
And then I got the file, for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new Doggy underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my white sox, with my all blue chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no
I went back in, I forgot my indo
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through an (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playin hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" cuz she looked upset
She said um

It's all because of you, i'm feelin said and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
Cause you took your dope away from me
A-huh, a-huh, ahuh

Damn, now what was I to do
She's cryin over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Somethin was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed my closely by my socks
So I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started cryin on my shoes and grabbin my dick
and sayin....

Why don't you give me a play
So we can brake it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay

And on and on and on she kept goin
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said, "Cheer up!" so I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not," then she starts cryin
I says I'm nineteen, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"
Yeah, uhh, tic toc you don't stop
And to the, ah tic toc and you don't quit
Yeah, tic toc and ya don't stop, and to the
ah tic toc and ya don't quit, beeeotch!

// Murder Was The Case (DeathAfterVisualizingEternity) //

[Intro: (Mista Grimm's "Indo Smoke" plays in the background)]

Ay ay Jaycee
Sup Aron?
Ain't that Snoop Dogg over there?
That that nigga with that blue coat on?
Yeah
Yeah oh yeah that's that nigga
Nigga roll up on the side of him man
Roll your window down  
Man hand me my motherfuckin Glock man gimme another clip
Cuz I'm gonna smoke this fool
Yeah roll the windows down
Yeah, OK there you go
Ay man, you Snoop Dogg?
Snoop?
Huh?
Snoop Doggy Dogg?
Man he's Snoop Dogg
Man fuck that nigga!!
[gun shots]
Nigga man!
Get that nigga man!
Man get up fool man, get up man, don't be tryin to run man
Get up on that fool man, I don't give a fuck
What set you got now?  Fuck you nigga!
Yeah nigga, whassup?
Nigga?
Yeah motherfucker
Yeah nigga, one less nigga
Yeah nigga, youse a dead motherfucker now

[Verse One:]

As I look up at the sky
My mind starts trippin, a tear drops my eye
My body temperature falls
I'm shakin and they breakin tryin to save the Dogg
Pumpin on my chest and I'm screamin
I stop breathin, damn I see deamons
Dear God, I wonder can ya save me
I can't die Boo-Boo's bout to have my baby
I think it's too late for prayin, hold up
A voice spoke to me and it slowly started sayin
"Bring your lifestyle to me I'll make it better"
How long will I live?
"Eternal life and forever"
And will I be, the G that I was?
"I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dreamed of
So relax your soul, let me take control
Close your eyes my son"
My eyes are closed

[Chorus:]

Murder... murder was the case that they gave me
Murder... murder was the case that they gave me

[Verse Two:]

I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my momma and my daddy and my homies in my corner
It's gonna take a miracle they say
For me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get, fronted some keys, to get, back on my feet
And everything that nigga said, came to reality
Livin like a baller loc
Havin money, and blowin hella chronic smoke
I bought my momma a Benz, and bought my Boo-Boo a Jag
And now I'm rollin in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad
"Just remember who changed your mind
Cuz when you start set-trippin, that ass mine"
Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed
Never have a want, never have a need
They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'
Cuz my eyes wanna journey some more, really doe (check it out)

Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the lord, my soul to keep
If I should die, before I wake
I pray the lord, my soul to take

No more indo, gin and juice
I'm on my way to Chino, rollin on the grey goose
Shackled from head to toe
25 with an izzl, with nowhere to gizzo, I know
them niggaz from the other side recognize my face
Cuz it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C
Mad doggin niggaz cuz I don't care
Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair
Niggaz stare as I enter the center
They send me to a leval 3 yard, that's where I stay 
Late night I hear toothbrushes scrapin on the floor
Niggaz gettin they shanks, just in case the war, pops off
Cuz you can't tell what's next
My little homey Baby Boo took a pencil in his neck
And he probably won't make it, to see twenty-two
I put that on my momma, I'ma ride for you Baby Boo

[Chorus 2X]

[flatline noise]

// Serial Killa //

Six million ways to die, choose one

[Verse One: Kurupt, Daz]

It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck i'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we puttin in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggaz
anybody killa, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is

I see some mark brand niggaz on the corner flaggin me down
Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga snoop alright? Aiyyo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggaz in jail, or are them niggaz through?"
i said, if you ain't up on thangs
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game
It's like this they don't understand
It's an everyday thang, to gangbang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggaz know
What's up with you I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
and Compton, and Watts, see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
see long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
Pump pump, put 2 slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker, creepin and sleepin
6 feet deep in, fuckin with the Pound is

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]

[Verse Two:  Snoop Doggy Dogg]

The cloud becomes black, and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue, on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon cuz
I drops bombs like Platoon (ay nigga)
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you
(I won't leave you) until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
or survival, becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open, cuz you don't wanna be caught
Half steppin with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me
take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the devil
Now roam through the depths of hell
Where the rest your buster ass homeboys dwell
Well...

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]

Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name
Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa

(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)

[Verse Three: RBX]

Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta, now picture this! 
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets
And I got the machine, that cracks your fuckin chest plates
open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally ruffneck
Now everybody scream nuff respect to the X
Nuff respect given
Disrespect and you will not be livin
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]

Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name
Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa

(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)

// Who Am I (What's My Name)? //

[Intro:]

EeeyiyiyiyiyahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-owwse (the bomb)
EeeyiyiyiyiyeahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-oww-owse
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)

[Verse One:]

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, Funky, yes but of the Doc
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holdin nuttin back
And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact [rat-tat-tat-tat]
Cuz I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
 You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit]
What's my motherfuckin name?

[Chorus:]

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (yeah yeah yeah)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog)

[Verse Two:]

It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in 
the motherfuckin house like everyday
Droppin shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggaz can't FUCK with this
And niggaz can't FUCK with that 
shit that I drop cuz ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin cop
Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin motherfuckers then I kill dem blood claats
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
Cuz I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy [Dogg]

[Chorus:]

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyoyoyoyoyoyo

[Verse Three:]

Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (why?) cuz Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
with the Dogg Pound right behind me
and up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Layin that, playin that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfuckin name?

[Chorus:]

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog) (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
What is, his name?  Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound
(Dog) (the bomb)
Ohhh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)

// For All My Niggaz & Bitches //

[Verse One: Kurupt]

Well it's that slow flow, D-O-double-G, nigga
See these other fools but you can't see me, nigga
Who am I? (It's Kurupt motherfucker)
Do or die (We gives a fuck motherfucker)
So slow your roll, I'm In Control like Janet
The loc-est twenty-one year old nigga that's on this planet
Take it for granted, if ya wanna, cuz I'm gonna
grab my strap then clear the corner, beeotch!!

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

So all my bitches and my niggaz and my niggaz and my bitches
Wave your motherfuckin hands in the air
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit 
Wave your motherfuckin fingers in the air

[Verse Two:  Daz, Kurupt]

Now on a one, two, three who could it be
Comin with a group of gangsta shit for ninety-three
So ninety-four's arrived nigga, back on up
And let me and my Dogg Kurupt fuck shit up
Now can't nobody see me here or there
wherever I bails, I put it down on the ground
Cuz ain't shit for sale in the Coupe
with the beat flossin off gold D's
And my cousin Snoop packs well, you know what I mean
And it don't take much, for the Dogg Pound to bust a cap
in your ass, for gettin us all fucked up
Now check it, it's a callin for niggaz like Doggs
who supposed to be the shit, but steadily bitchin like hogs
(Yes y'all) Walk the Doggs (yes y'all) Yiggy y'all
Stay full of that gin and juice and have a ball

I packs a strap, like that, I kicks it like this
Now how many bitches must get dick?
Before they say, that Daz is that nigga from back in the day
Ya never ever thought I'd see him bustin with Dr. Dre
Cuz I grips mics, I rips mics in half
Hoes be comin to my flat so I can tap that ass

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:  Kurupt]

You're headed my way, nigga you best to hit a U-turn quick
So what's happenin?  I'm cappin shit up like a Western flick
The kinpin of the clique, top notch
17 shot Glock cocked, so all nigga drop
The run of the mill fool get broke off for tryin to serve
the best Kurupt's era, peep the terror, cuz it's a murder fest
I smoke chronic everyday, so what have we
Another motherfucker, gettin served like some cavy
Now who, drops (ruff rhymes) I got full Juice like 2Pac
(plus I'm) rollin with two Glocks
Fly motherfuckers can't see Kurupt
Hellraisin like Pinhead, beware I'm tearin shit the fuck up
Slow your roll, like your legs was broken
Who's jokin?  Rakim never joked, so why should I loc?
Now that's my idol, check the vital rhyme flow doe
Runnin em like Flo Jo, stranded on Death Row
Mediocre motherfuckers die cuz I'm servin it
They can't fuck with or see me I'm mass murderin
[Smokin indo, look out my window I suppose] Yeah
[Niggaz don't understand how we kicks diffrent flows]
(I'm raw like new footage) I'm rugged like a BF Goodrich
(Bring your whole set and get your hood lynched)
[Drop to your knees like a dog in heat]
Peep the murderous styles and the poetical techiques

[Chorus]

[Verse Four: Rage]

Check it out, it's Rage, ready for the breakdown
Take down, when it comes to the mic I'm puttin my weight down
And that's 175 pounds of beed
beatin yo' ass down to the concrete
Fool, act like ya know
I'm stranded on Death Row with no where to go, so
What's a girl to do
Take out a crew, or two, a few, what you wanna do?

[Snoop] 
Throw your guns in the motherfuckin air, we don't care
[Dogg Pound] 
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 
About nuthin at all, just my Doggs and clockin the grip bitch
[Dogg Pound] 
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 
That's why I can kick it so tuff, cuz when times get ruff, my
[Dogg Pound] 
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 
The clique i'm with, don't give a sheeit, ya know why?
[Dogg Pound] 
Real niggaz don't give a fuck

[Chorus]

// Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None) //

[Intro:]

You're back now at the jack-off hour this is DJ, Eazy Dick
On W-Balls, right now, somethin new, by Snoop Doggy Dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies, from all the guys
A big bow wow wow, cuz we gonna make it a little mystery 
here tonight, this is DJ Eazy Dick, on the station that
slaps you across your fat ass, with a fat dick

[Verse One: Nate Dogg]

When I met you last night baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for ya lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And ya even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give ya a call
Next time I'm feelin kinda horny
You can come on over, and I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck, that day, baby
Just lay back, and open your mouth
Cause I have never 
met a girl
That I love 
in the whole wide world

[Verse Two: Kurupt]

Well, if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
I gets loced and looney, bitch you can't Do Me
Do we like BBD, you hoochie groupie?
I have no love for hoes
That's somethin I learned in the pound
so how the fuck am I supposed
to pay this hoe, just to lay this hoe
I know the pussy's mines, I'ma fuck a couple more times
And then I'm through with it, there's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nuthin but a bitch to me
And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me
i gives a fuck, why don't y'all pay attention
Approach it with a different proposition, I'm Kurupt
Hoe you'll never be my only one, trick ass beeeitch!

[Chorus:  (repeat 4X)]

It ain't no fun, if the homies can't have none

[Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Guess who back in the motherfuckin house
With a fat dick for your motherfuckin mouth
Hoes recognize, niggaz do too
Cuz when bitches get skanless and pull a voodoo
What you gon do?  You really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that hoe
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowin damn well, I'm too caught up with my grip
Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see, it ain't no fun, if my homies can't get a taste of it
Cause you know I don't love em

[Verse Four:  Warren G]

Whoa!
Hey, now ya know, inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the btiches
Three to get ready, and four to hit the switches
In my Chevy, six-fo' Rad to be exact
With bitches on my side, and bitches on back
So back up bitch cuz i'm strugglin, so get
off your knees and then start jugglin
these motherfuckin nuts in your mouth
It's me, Warren G the nigga with the clout
Whoo!

[Chorus]

// Chronic Break //

Can we get a motherfuckin moment of silence, for the small chronic break?
A-hah, niggaz be brown-nosing these hoes and shit.
Takin bitches out to eat, and spendin money on these hoes, knowhatI'msayin?
I treat a bitch like 7-Up I never have I never well
I tell a bitch like this
Bitch, you without me is like Harry Melvin without Bluenotes
You'll never go platinum
Hey Daz, give me a light nigga

// Doggy Dogg World //

[Intro:]

We'd like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggaz know who I am y'all niggaz tearin up shit
But we got somethin old, and somethin new for y'all tongiht
Put your hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics

[Verse One: Snoop Doggy Dogg]

It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearin motherfuckers tryin to steal my flow
But it ain't no thang cause see my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I step through the do'
Ya know, some of these niggaz is so deceptive
Usin my styles like a contraceptive
I hope ya get burnt, it seems ya havn't learnt
It's the nick nack patty wack, I still got the bigger sack
So put your gun away, run away, cuz i'm back (why?)
Hit em up, get em up, spit em up, now
Tell me what's goin on
It make me wanna holler, cuz my dollars come in ozones
Lone for the break-up, so take off your clothes
and quit tryin to spit at my motherfuckin hoes
Seakin of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb cuz I rolled you a joint
You'se a flea and i'm the big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin paws
Y'alls, niggaz, better recognize
And see where I'm comin from it's still East Side till I die
Why ask why?  As the world keeps spinning to the D-O-Double-G-Y

[Chorus:]

It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World

[Verse Two:  Kurupt]

Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten 
See my homey Snoop Doggy sippin juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm fo' to set trip, to get papers
Styles vary, packin flavor like Life Savors
Ain't that somethin, talk shit and I'm dumpin
I had your whole fuckin block bumpin
Don't sweat, but check the tecnique, I'm unique like China
Ya never find the bomb-a-rama then this Nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm coming through
One-two, three, you can't see me
I'm a G like that strapped with hit hard tactics
A fuckin menace, usin hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and poppin
All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin
I wanna see some panties droppin
I'm comin from L.A., she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that hoe
 Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I'm dishin out blues, I'm upsetting like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name's often marked for catchin slugs
and I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it's unexplanitory how I gets wicked
but it's manditory that I kick it
Check it, I'm runnin hoes in 94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin and movin
Prepare for a war, it's on, I'm head huntin
Hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep, the massicre from a verbal assassin
Murderin with rhymes packin Tec-9's for some action
You really don't know, do you, you fuckin wit a hog
You can't do me, I'm goin out looney like O-Dog

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Daz]

Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (all night long)
Tell when (till the early morn)
It don't stop (and uh) it don't quit (for the)
The Dogg Pound clique (to drop the cavvy Dogg shit)

Diggity Daz out of the motherfuckin cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip flop and serve hoes with a fat dick
Till I die I'm still screamin that (bitches ain't shit)
Now i'm the mack daddy, had he, not known about 
the city where I'm from, dum diddy dum
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-Double-G the P-O-U-N-D, the gangsta clique
Now as the Pound break it down with the gangsta funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic, so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic till the day that I die

[Chorus]

// You Betta Ask Somebody (Gz And Hustlas Intro) //

[Intro:]

Good Morning boys and girls, i'm your
substitute teacher, Mr. Buckwort
the topic Fo' today is, what you wanna be when you grow up
you, over there in the jean shirt, what you wanna
be when you grow up?
- i wanna be a police officer
alright, that's a pretty good profession
you over there in that black shirt 
what you wanna be when you grow?
- i wanna be a fire man
alright, that's a pretty good profession too
you, back there in those french braids, what's yo name?
- my name is Snoop
alright Snoop, what you wanna be when you grow up?
- i wanna be a motherfuckin hustla, ya betta ask somebody

// Gz And Hustlas //

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys
It's 19-9-tre so let me just play
It's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre
But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch
To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up
So sit back relax new jacks get smacked
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack
I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checkin
The dopest motherfucker that ya hearin on the record
It's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P
D-O-double-G-Y, the D-O-double-G
I'm fly as a falcon, soarin through the sky
And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide
So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy
I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie
I'm crazy, you can't phase me
I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress
I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see
Every single day, chillin with the D-O-double-G's
P-O-U-N-D that's my clique, my crew
Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up
I thought ya knew, but yet and still
Ya wanna get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill
And feel, the motherfuckin realism
Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic I'm hittin hard as steel nigga

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

How many hoes in your motherfuckin group
Wanna take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille
Chill, as I take you on a trip
Where them niggaz ride, and slide, you know about the East Side
Niggaz like myself, here to show you where it's at
With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back
Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me
But you know how that goes
We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row
Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip
Still clockin grip, and really don't give a sheeit
About nuttin at all, just my Doggs, steppin through the fog
And I'm still gonna fade em all
With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hangin
How many hoes in ninety-four will I be bangin?
Every single one, to get the job done
As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one
Where the sun be shinin and I be ryhmin
It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbin

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

I come creepin through the fog with my saggin Dukes
East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeVille
I'm rollin with the G Funk, bumpin in my shit and it don't quit
So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set
A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit
With the Eastside hoes on my motherfuckin dick
And the Compton niggaz all about to set trip
Swing it back, bring it back, just like this
And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff
And keep the motherfuckin blunt in your pocket loc
Cuz Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke
See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from
And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some
But watch the gun by my side
Because it represents me and the motherfuckin East Side
So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow
Yippie yo, you can't see my flow
My shit is dope, original, now you know
And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

// U Betta Recognize (Pump Pump Intro) //

Oh shit is, is that Snoop over there?  Oh shit
Fuck that nigga bitch.  My name is Sam Sneed you betta recognize
Aiyyo, aiy, I'm sorry, I just love that nigga he is so fine
Man fuck that nigga
His music is so fuckin dope
Hey look Sam man, I gotta go pee I'll be right back aight
Yeah aight
Yeah yeah I'm just slidin you know
Get this Henny tap in my vein
Yo Snoop whassup Snoop?
Ay, hold up, yo
Hey, how you doin?
Whas happenin?
Yo Snoop you know I just love your shit you are just so fine to me
Aiyyo bitch, bring your black ass back over
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Yo whas happenin is that your nigga or somethin?
Look check this shit out that nigga he don't run me OK?
I'm talkin to you that's all
Yeah whassup nigga?  What the fuck's wrong with you?
Yo nigga whas happenin fool?
You know the name of the game, your bitch chose me
Nigga we can handle this like some gentlemen
or we can get into some gangsta shit
So whassup nigga?
Have it your motherfuckin way
Well whassup?
That's whassup nigga

// Gz Up, Hoes Down //

Yeah, what's happening?
This one is dedicated to my niggas
All my niggas out there, G's up, hoes down

Ladies and gents, playas and pimps listen
Snoop Doggy Dogg on the mic, pay attention
One, two, oh what shall I do?
I'm slipping on my khaki suit (Which one?)
The blue one, gun by my side as I mob to the beach
On a mission and I'm fishing for my DJ Warren G
Now I look for the bud sack
And see where my loves at on the lake where the doves at
Cognac is the drink that's drank by G's
Sagging like a mothafucka, khakis to they knees
Bitch please, you know how we do the undercover
I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg, not your average motherfucka, see

Some of you don't know about the G thang, baby
It's the smooth gangsta shit that be driving ya crazy
Now as ya groove to the beat and ya move to the sound
I'mma hit ya up with the Pound, G's up, hoes down
(Well, all the real G's, please stand up and let all be accounted for
And if you don't give a fuck about a bitch, then you're rolling with the Row)

Back with the one, two, three, and to the fo'
It's the S-N, O and to the O, P
(Why am I so fly?) I don't know, but
(Why am I so high?) It's the Indo

I don't fuck with the pocus, everbody knows this
Fucking with the Chronic, cause the Chronic gives me dopeness
Now focus your eyes on these, follow me
As I take ya rolling with the real OG's
East Side is the motherfuckin' place, known as home
Doggy Dogg with my bone in my hand, twenty grand and

Some of you don't know about the G thang baby
It's the smooth gangsta shit that be drivin ya crazy
Now as ya groove to the G-Funk, and move to the sound
I hit you up with the Pound, Gz Up, Hoes Down
Well, all the real Gz please stand up and
Let all be accounted for, and if you don't give a fuck
About a bitch, then you're rolling with the row

Hell yeah, you know what I'm saying?
This is stricly for the G's, you know I'm saying? Fuck that, bitch
Niggas always handcuffing that ho
When a nigga like me steps in the place
I don't want that ho, I don't love that ho
I'm caught up with my greens
Collard greens, Indo and the cash flow
You know what I'm saying? Peace, G's up, hoes down

// Pump Pump //

[Verse One:]

[static]
Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump
Pump Pump

Let the motion of your body be the key, cuz we 
be the motherfuckin G Funk family
Now, I'll play the G in this deadly game
Snoop Dogg is the name Dogg Pound's the game
If it ain't one thing it's a motherfuckin nother
Word to my granny and my daddy, and my mother
Whether standin on the corner, or bouncin in the six-deuce
When I was locked up, I couldn't wait to get loose
Cuz back in the days, on the side where it's at
A nigga had to have a fat stack
And I was a fool, don't make me have to grab my strap and go
rat-tat-tat-tat, nigga slap to a motherfucker face he fall
Can't none of y'all niggaz see the Doggy Dogg
Cuz I'm one rude bwoy comin with the wickedness
So shut the fuck up, and listen while I'm kickin this

[Chorus: (repeat 2X)]

Blam blam, blam to dem all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)

[Verse Two: Snoop]

Now you can look to the Sun, and spot the moon
And see Snoop Doggy Dogg step into the room
With the G funk, he funk, she funk, we funk
Follow me, follow me, listen to the words that a nigga...
I come down with the wickedness
One rude bwoy comin with the darkness (blam!)
Close your eyes cuz you can't see me
I quit school cause of recess you fuckin B.G.
I'm shakin up the party, like Lodi Dodi
Is he the dopest? Ya betta ask somebody
When, then, send, some gin
And a pack of zig zags now let the games begin
In nineteen-motherfuckin-ninety-three
I'm fuckin up every nigga known in the indistry
Check this out, it's a Dogg Pound thang
You know who I am you know my motherfuckin name, who am I?
(The S-N-Double-O-P) nickname (Silky Smell) last name (D-O-double-G)
The behavior and the flavor that I found
Makes me wanna hit that ass up with the Dogg Pound

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Malik]

Now just back up, don't act up, I pack up much heat
Any battle I'm in, I win, I can't be beat
Don't sleep while I creep peep out my technique
I forgot, I'm out of sight so you can't see the
MC of the year, you hear and you fear
i got somethin for them niggaz in the front and the rear
I handle the sides, did a driveby in the who-ride
I'm satisfied now everything is really alright
You know when I come nigga I come wicked
Don't need no permisison, motherfucker I'ma kick it
Niggaz sweat my shit I wet em up with the biscuit
Lick em up shot, it don't stop, till dem all drop
Make up your mind, go pop or slang rocks
Just stop, rottin on the next niggaz jock
I'm strapped with my glock on your block
And ready to let loose on the first imitator that I spot

[Chorus]

