Album: Nothing

// Stengah //

Lacerating pains of degeneration speed through your
trembling mind
Still, in machine-like strife you gain another mile
The temporary elusive goal:  To reach the solace, to
feed once more
upon the synthetic reaper of loss.  No matter the
outcome.  No matter the cost

Cold and stinging needs tearing through the halls
Of your defiled, flesh made temple with its closing
walls
Still you claim the worshippers pose and you bow.  You
kneel

Control:  once superior, now a docile pet at chaos'
feet
Pulling the leash as it trails the scent to where all
hurt recedes
Your past a blurry patch in mind, your future once; 
now thin dreams filed
Toward the lights of need you strive - to drink into
your vein the shine

Beaten to the unforgiving ground.  Lashed into
submission
- By the inner starving demon.  By its unrelenting
hand
Still you claim the worshippers pose and you bow.  You
kneel to the syringe

Answering only to authorities of sedation.  Their
calls the only ones heeded
A worn out soldier touched by their contagion.  A
battered drone at their feet
You're the one betrayed.  An outcast set afire by your
inner war
Your burning self so far astray.  A combustion fanned
from within your core

// Rational Gaze //

Squint your eyes to see clearly. Blur reality to make
it real
Let focus go from your deceiving eyes to know what's
been concealed
We've all been blinded - Subjects to visual
misinformation
A systematic denial of the crystalline

To see the fine grain, to read the hidden words
The context of parallel truth - Devoid of
fragmentation

Our light-induced image of truth - Filtered blank of
its substance
As our eyes won't adhere to intuitive lines
Everything examined, Separated, one thing at a time
The harder we stare the more complete the
disintegration.  Dissolution

Eyes re-opened, Reasoning focalized, Receptors
activated

Perspectives distorted
The ladder beyond our grasp
The twin-headed serpent forever hidden
Where's the true knowledge 
Where engines of the sane & insanity merge
The clarity.  The unity

Reality untouchable, transparent, invisible
to our fixed, restricted fields of vision
Existence taken for granted. Absolute

Possessed, owned, controlled
By the common sense-infected rational gaze
Onward forever we walk among the ignorant
Never stray from the common lines

// Perpetual Black Second //

Trapped in a ceaseless fever of spite,
an unending fit of resentment and anger
Caught in a moment of unforgiveness
In the snapshot of a hate filled second

The speechless flickering of uncomprehending eyes
-Dilated in disbelief
Your vacant gaze distorted
Twisted in its accusing glare

Teeth glimmering in emotional rage
Spit of hate suspended in mid-air
Bodies strained in fury
Devoured by jaws of despair

One single image frame I wish to forget
now replayed in succession of millions
The one second I will always regret
-My hell found in its reiteration

Held within the visualization,
the continuous rerun of my own violence
A fraction of time perpetuated
By my regretful soul animated

Please forgive the evil in me - The darkness within
Ferocious, inherent demon.  Adrenaline gland resident

Threatened subconscious snake.  Repressed into
striking coil
Surfacing that black second.  Ascending with the boil

// Closed Eye Visuals //

Unbound to the pale and lifeless day by the
multicolored, multiform
A spinning antidream unthought.  -Exceeding the
obsolete reality
Overheated inner shape-generator.  Blowing every
cerebral fuse
Insanity filtered and systematized.  -Feeding the
tools of mind abuse

Mind-signal transmission peaked, distorted, bent,
unrestrained
Neuroreceivers shortcircuit.  System parameters
over-gained
Nervethreads decoding the stream of the
reality-inverting revolution
The patterned untruth of non-dream:  The closed eye
visual delusion

A frantic cellular race down the switchbacks of mind
Throttling the existence-engine.  A propulsion beyond
all limit lines
Convulsive thrusts of septic energy as infected cells
collide
Unleashing the video-bacterial disease.  The
sinew-conducted pseudo-vision

Mind-signal transmission peaked, distorted, bent,
unrestrained
Neuroreceivers shortcircuit.  System parameters
over-gained
Nervethreads decoding the stream of the
reality-inverting revolution
The patterned untruth of non-dream:  The closed eye
visual delusion

Self unfolds like a disintegrating dream.  All
revealed but the sinister cause
My lying eyes come apart at the seams.  Still how
could I ever regret the loss

The self transformed into wave lengths
-Reverberating this unyielding dream.  Lost in this
greedy illusion
I'm forever devoured by the closed eye visual delusion

A twirling visual overload - Explosions of terror and
beauty
Colors of fear and pain within clash into unanything
(A spectra-organic frenzy setting fire to the
neuro-highways of mind
Revolving me away from time.  A soul now rendered
unassigned)

// Glints Collide //

Winds that shine a bright, blinding dark.
Kerosene flames so cold they crack
Suns that blow becalmed twisters.
Ferocity sleeping.
Nothingness stacked
Intestines worn to shield the inward limbs.
Screams unheard.
Deafening thoughts
Levitating ground.
The solid water burns.
Liquid stone.
The immobile turns

Corrosion soothing the hurt within
Surroundings reaching to touch your skin
Progress in stalemate.
Death is alive
Eyes and mind glint - Glints collide

Pains sending shivers of well-being down your spine.
Sounds of healing crack your bones
Lamentation carving into smiling faces.
Surrounded by everyone, still you're all alone
Wormholes set as halos over sinners skulls.
Leaves chasing the fallen air away
A lifetime of needle-eyes too wide to escape, 
where honesty lies and angels betray

Incisions mending the wounds within
Surroundings breach the surface of your skin
Progress in static.
Life has died
Eyes and minds glint - Glints collide

Disorder putting everything back in place. Chaos the obtainer of lucidity
Tranquility created by raging turbulence. Your solid note frequency out of phase
The fractals of your soul - by symmetry abandoned. Confusion calms your overheating mind
You're the memory no one ever had. You're the one thing you will never find

Reincarnation trapped in a life span.
Corpses bolted to the ground arise
Omnilights flooding your world with their darkness
As your reflection turns its back to your eyes

You've entered your self-created antiparadise
Your universe processed and trapped in jars
Never-ending insanity
Down in the hell of mind, where glints collide

// Organic Shadows //

The glued-on sheet of self control.  The pity of
sense, of sanity
Cracking at the seams.  Torn from my reality
The motion of thoughts subdued.  Overcome, suppressed
by terror
The mouth of fear overfed by dread beyond measure

Pounding waves of overload running through my every
nerve
Will reduced to nothingness.  My system overturned
My mind resigns to defeat.  Internal razors activated
Slashing through unprocessed thought.  The severance
of self complete

Heartbeats hammering at the sight
A revelation to wrap my soul in fear
Blinded by the neverlight
as I stare into my organic shadow

The bin of repressed emotions crammed
Limits of pain by far exceeded
I stare into the blank
the mantra of dead silence repeated

Hear me.  Find me
Save me.  The dead me

(Shallow breathing.  Eyes not shut, not open
By fear silenced.  Incantations never spoken)

This hell of vacuum abound
with the chanting whispers of the mute
Exposed to the wrath of neversound
The words of my organic shadow

// Straws Pulled At Random //

What solace lies in the arms of fate
The ill embrace of uncertainty
When did I leave this in other hands
To be pulled down at chance

Ripped away by destiny-claws
Am I another of fate's possessions
Dwelling the lie of freedom
Just another straw pulled at random

Reclaimed by deceiving time
A silent judgement I can not overrule

Drawn back into the origin-vortex
Uprooted and ground to dust
Retracted into anti-existence
A magnet repelled by life's polarity

Denied the self control of fate
we flow suspended in semi-life
Until the ever imminent day
when oblivion claims our breath

Nowhere indefinitely.  Not dead, not alive
Existence-patterns ripped of symmetry.  As will and
fate divide

Have I appeased the gods of fate
Am I allowed another day
Must I die to escape
the scanning eyes of death

// Spasm //

[Music:  Fredrik Thordendal, Tomas Haake]
[Lyrics:  Tomas Haake]

Stroboscopic contortion-assault.  Light bulb language
translated into fits
Codes of tendon-flickers I can't grasp.  Focus lost as
I writhe and twitch
Random beats of blinding shockwaves.  Erratic suns
that twist my eyes
Flashes pounding at my thoughts as the intrinsic pains
multiply

Muscle and tissue twined with every violent lash
Battered by an unrelenting shine
Immobilized by the increasing pains,
the procreating agonies of system breakdown

Lightwave frequency body-oscillation.  Undeciphered
motions pass through my flesh
Bodily reverberation induced.  A corporeal system lost
in its waves
Bleached into their existence by tremulous epileptic
strokes
Blasts of irregular pulsar-radiation - Triggering the
process of mind and body control

Lost to their control
A sentence - in flashes told
Enticed by their calls; - Insane, divine

Torn, undone, dissolved
By incandescent gods condemned
Burned.  Their mark on my soul
To my inverted shadow confined

Twisted, spun.  Vertebras and spinal column unaligned
Joints shattered and torn apart.  Spasm-rendered
distortion
Organic spiral.  Stretched and torn into a new
creation
A worldless thing, a thingless word.  Lightborn
malformation

// Nebulous //

Drowned in this screaming silence
Embraced by shadows, they tear me
The wormholes free my eyes

The blood boils - it knows
My thoughts burn as minds liquefy, vaporize
Reality scorched by this fixed state

All beginnings slain by ends
I seep down into the black to breathe

Drifting to merge with the past
My tongue licks the residue of the future

Bitter taste, the wombs of claws call me
Filth rips them open.  The stillborn start to move
Lidless eyes twitching beneath a sheet of rot
They reach out, they want to kiss - It matters not

In dreams it speaks to me of the truth that means
reality

