Album: Gorilla

// Mexico //

Way down here, you need a reason to move. Feel a fool running your stateside games
Lose your load, leave your mind behind, Baby James
Woh, Mexico, it sounds so simple, I just got to go
The sun's so hot I forgot to go home, guess I'll have to go now

"Americano" got the sleepy eye but his body's still shaking like a live wire
Sleepy senorita with the eyes on fire
Woh, Mexico. It sounds so sweet with the sun sinking low
Moon's so bright, like to light up the night, make everything all right

Baby's hungry and the money's all gone
The folks back home don't want to talk on the phone
She gets a long letter, sends back a postcard, times are hard
Woh, down in Mexico, I never really been so I don't really know
Woh, Mexico, I guess I'll have to go
Woh, Mexico, I never really been but I'd sure like to go
And oh, Mexico, I guess I'll have to go now
Talking bout Mexico.  Big ol' honkey-tonk down in Mexico

// Music //

Things may always stay the way they are,
still my head looks for a change from time to time.
I don't really mean to look that far- turn on the music,
strike up the music, let the music change my mind.

Now don't I dig the big time rock and roll. Sit in the darkness and be somebody else.
A time which after all is under control- crank out the music,
give me music, let the music fill the air.

My dear friend, your head's been sinking like a stone.
You must try thinking like a cloud sometime.
Just leave a happy side out loud sometime.
There's a symphony inside you, there's a thousand things for you to do, so come on.

Let a hush fall on the movie crowd. Boy turns to girl and says I love you so.
What I hear in here is violins- give me music, miss the music, let the music be there too.
I'll never know what to do unless you let the music be there too.

You see this man his head's been sinking like a stone.
You must try thinking like a cloud sometime.
Just leave a happy side out loud sometime.
There's a symphony inside you, there's a thousand things for you to do, so come on.

Let a hush fall on the movie crowd.
Boy turns to girl and says I love you so, well, you know, what I hear in here is violins-
Strike up the music, lay on the music let the music be there, too.
Never know what to do unless you let the music be there too.

// How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You) //

How sweet it is to be loved by you. How sweet it is to be loved by you.

I needed the shelter of someone's arms and there you were.
I needed someone to understand my ups and downs and there you were.
With sweet love and devotion, deeply touching my emotion,
I want to stop and thank you baby. I want to stop and thank you baby.
How sweet it is to be loved by you.  How sweet it is to be loved by you.

I close my eyes at night wondering where would I be without you in my life.
Everything I did was just a bore, everywhere I went it seems I'd been there before.
But you brighten up for me all of my days with a love so sweet in so many ways,
I want to stop and thank you baby, I just want to stop and thank you baby.
How sweet it is to be loved by you, feels so fine. How sweet it is to be loved by you.

You were better for me than I was for myself,
for me, there's you and there ain't nobody else,
I want to stop and thank you baby. I just want to stop and thank you baby, yes I do,
how sweet it is to be loved by you. How sweet it is to be loved by you.
Feels so fine, how sweet it is to be loved by you.
Just like jelly baby, oh yeah, how sweet it is to be loved by you.
Just like honey to the bee, babe, how sweet it is to be loved by you.

// Wandering //

I've been wandering early and late from New York City to the Golden Gate,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

My daddy was an engineer, my brother drives a hack,
my sister takes in laundry while the baby balls the jack,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

I've been in the army, I've worked on a farm
and all I've got to show is the muscle in my arm,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

My ma, she died when I was young, my daddy took to stealing and he got hung,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

Snakes in the ocean, eels in the sea, I let a redheaded woman make a fool out of me,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

I've been wandering early and late from the New York City to the Golden Gate,
and it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.
No, it don't look like I'll ever stop my wandering.

// Gorilla //

He's got arms like legs, he's got hands on his feet.
He's got a nose like a doughnut, got a tendency to overeat.
He don't use tools or weapons, he don't eat meat.
He likes to stick to the bushes, tends to avoid the street.
But he rides my El Dorado when he comes to town.
You know he's out there somewhere trying to track you down.

Look up in the sky, mama that's the one, yeah.
See the mighty profile block the noonday sun.
He comes from the heart of darkness a thousand miles from here,
that's the land where they understand what a woman might like to hear.
You know that he loves you baby for what you really are,
his love is a burning hot as a big old ten cent cigar.

[random grunting]

Now most of y'all gave seen a gorilla in a cage at the local zoo.
He mostly sits around contemplating all the things that he'd prefer to do.
He dreams about the world outside from behind those bars of steel,
and no one seems to understand about the heartache the man can feel.
The people stop and stare but nobody seems to care.
It don't seem right somehow, it just don't seem fair. He's still a gorilla.

// You Make It Easy //

Gosh almighty baby, yes, indeed. You supply the satisfy and I'll supply the need.
I can't help the way I feel though I know just where it leads,
you make it easy, yes you do, for a man to fall, for a man to fall.

Heaven knows I love my woman , just bound to fuss and fight.
Now I wind up on the barroom stool buying drinks and keeping tight.
But you know I've never done what's come in my mind tonight,
You make it easy, just sitting there looking good, for a man to fall, for a man to fall.

Now me and my wife, we've got the rest of our life
to make this thing right, but you and me will only see tonight.

So baby, won't you turn me down and point me out the door,
I'll head home and sleep it off just like every time before.
You keep on looking good my way, I won't hold out anymore,
you make it easy, you sure do make it easy, babe, for a man to fall, for a man to fall.

You don't have to make it so easy, babe, for another wise good man to fall,
You don't have to make it so easy, babe, no, no no,
for another wise good man to fall, you don't have to make it so easy, babe.

// I Was A Fool To Care //

I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care,
but I don't care even if I was a fool- I'm still in love with you.
Had I listened to the grapevine, I might have had my doubts.
But I did my level best just to block them out.
Cause love is so unwise and love has no eyes,
And it took a while for a fool to see what his friends were on about.

I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care,
but I don't care even if I was a fool- I'm still in love with you.
Imagining your face, it almost fills the empty space before me.
I can see you eyes and almost hear your lovely lies.

I wish I was an old man and love was through with me.
I wish I was a baby on my mama's knee.
I wish I was a freight train moving down the line,
just keeping track of time without all these memories

I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care,
but I don't care even if I was a fool- I'm still in love with you, babe, yes, I am.
I could have opened my eyes, I could have seen through your lies,
I could have stood for no more, I could have walked out the door.

But I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care.
But I was a fool to care, I was a fool to care.
You weren't nothing but a fool to care, just a country fool to care.
You weren't nothing but a fool to care, just a country fool to care...

// Lighthouse //

Off the coast of Africa, bound for South America, a world away from here
is a ship that sails the sea, is a man who's just like me and I wish that I was there.

I'm a lonely lighthouse, not a ship out in the night. I'm watching the sea.
She's come halfway round the world to see the light and to stay away from me.
There is a shipwreck lying at my feet, some weary refugee from the rolling deep.
Ah, could you lose it all and fall for me?

Couldn't we shine? I'm rolling all my golden moments into one.
Like to shine like the sun for one more summer day.
Like to shine like a lighthouse for one last summer night,
flashing on, flashing, fading away.

Well if you feel lost and lonely and don't know where to go
and you hear this song on the radio,
or even if you're feeling healthy and strong, you might like to sing along.
But just because I might be standing here, that don't mean I won't be wrong this time.
You could follow me and lose your mind.

Couldn't we shine? Rolling all my golden moments into one.
Like to shine like the sun for one more summer day.
Like to shine like a lighthouse for one last summer night,
flashing on, flashing, fading away.

Off the coast of Africa, bound for South America, a world away from here
is a ship that sails the sea, is a man who's just like me and I wish that I was there.

// Angry Blues //

I can't help it if I don't feel so good. I can't help it if I don't feel so good.
If I had my way, I'd be sitting on the top of the world. I can't help it if I don't feel so good.

When the anger comes in and there's no place for a man to hide,
when the anger comes in and there's no place for a man to hide,
would he do anything in the world to make him feel better inside?
When the anger comes in and there's no place for a man to hide.

Gonna sit back here, and watch this cloud roll by.
Gonna sit back here, and watch this cloud roll by.
The next time that you see me I should be shining like the Fourth of July.
Gonna sit back here, gonna watch this cloud roll by.

I ain't looking for details, won't you just give me a clue? Oh, Lord, what am I gonna do?

I can't help it if I don't feel so good. I can't help it if I don't feel so good.
If I had my way, I'd be sitting on the top of the world. I can't help it if I don't feel so good.
Don't feel so good, I can't help it if I don't feel so good.

// Love Songs //

She doesn't know what she's done, little one doesn't know when to stop.
Love must find her, love must find her away.
She doesn't know what he's thinking, she only knows how he behaves,
love must find him, love must find him a way.

I reckon I must be just an old softy, cause I still believe in love.
I think the best is yet to come cause where I'm from is also where I'm going.
And in the time that it takes to sing this song, I hope you can see for yourself-
love must find you love must find you a way.

I reckon I must be just an old softy, cause I still believe in love.
I think the best is yet to come cause where I'm from is also where I'm going.
And in the time that it takes to sing this song, I think I can see for myself-
love has found me, love has found me a way, oh, love has surely found a way.

La la la la la la la la la la la la la, la la la la la la.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la, la la la la la la.

Never did I feel like this before, never was I so confused,
I don't know if I'm up or down. I guess I've got nothing to lose.
Never did I feel so good before, guess I might as well hold onto a feeling,
it feels so fine, as long as it's on my mind.

What a blue Monday, talk about lonely, don't look back, don't look down,
I don't know how I made it through, I guess it's got something to do with you.
Never was I so in love before, the world is like a collage,
yes, and the only thing I can see clearly is the slow steady glow of love in her eyes.
Talking about the slow steady glow of love in her eyes.

La la la la la la la la la la la la la, la la la la la la.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la, la la la la la la.

// Sarah Maria //

Well the moon is in the ocean and the stars are in the sky.
And all that I can see is my sweet Maria's eyes.
Sarah, Sarah Maria. Sarah Maria, ya, ya, ya, ya.

Well, you know about the sugar cane that comes from way down South.
She's got one end in her hand, she's got one end in her mouth.
Come on, Sarah, Sarah Maria. Sarah Maria, ya, ya, ya, ya.

She took me out walking to the corner of the world
Where everyone was a-talking about such a pretty little girl.
Come on, Sarah, Sarah Maria. Sarah Maria, ya, ya, ya, ya.

Well the moon is in the ocean and the stars are in the sky.
And all that I can see is my sweet Maria's eyes.
Sarah, Sarah Maria. Sarah Maria, ya, ya, ya, ya.
Sarah, Sarah Maria. Sarah Maria, ya, ya, ya, ya.

