Album: MudSlideSlimAndTheBlueHorizon

// Love Has Brought Me Around //

Don't come to me with your sorrows anymore.
I don't need to know how bad you're feeling today.
I declare I've had my share and I've heard it all before.
It's time for me to be stealing away.
Let those rain clouds roll out on the sea. Let the sun shine down on me, hey, hey.

Love has brought me around, love has brought me around, yes, it has.
Love has brought me around, love has brought me around.

When my sky was full of gray and my day was full of blue,
there was nothing I could do to see myself through.
Now my head is full of springtime and my heart is full of you,
goodbye lonely blue, it shall all come true.
Miss November, I detect a frown, close your eyes and turn it upside down, whoa, oh.

Love has brought me around love has brought me around, don't you know.
Love has brought me around, love has brought me around, yeah.

I know you know what I've got to say is an old cliche anyway, so they say.
love has brought me around, love has brought me around.
Love has brought me around, love has brought me around, yes, it has.

// Places In My Past //

There are ladies in my life, lovely ladies in these lazy days.
And though I never took a wife, may I say that I have loved me one or two.
Of the people in my past, fading faces in a waking dream,
and though they never seemed to last very long,
there are faces I remember from the places in my past.

I said all the dead head miles and the insincere smiles.
Sometimes I can laugh and cry and I can't remember why.
But I still love those good times gone by, hold on to them close or let them go, oh no.
I don't know, I just seem to sing these songs
and say I'm sorry for the friends I used to know.

// Riding On A Railroad //

We are riding on a railroad, singing some else's song.
Forever standing by that crossroad, take a side and step along.
We are sailing away on a river to the sea. Maybe you and me can meet again.
We are riding on a railroad, singing someone else's song, sing along.

Time to time, I tire of the life that I've been leading, town to town, day by day.
There's a man up here who claims to have his hands upon the reins,
there are chains upon his hands and he's riding upon a train.

Oh Lord, we been riding on a railroad, singing some else's song.
Forever standing by that crossroad, take a side and step along.
We are sailing away on a river to the sea. Maybe you and me can meet again.
We been riding, we been riding upon a railroad, singing someone else's song.

// Soldiers //

It was just after sunrise and down by the sea,
down on the sand flats where nothing will grow,
come drumming and footsteps like out of a dream
Where the golden green waters come in.
Just nine lucky soldiers had come through the night,
Half of them wounded and barely alive.
Just nine out of twenty was headed for home with eleven sad stories to tell.

I remember quite clearly when I got out of bed,
I said, oh, good morning what a beautiful day.

// Mud Slide Slim //

Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon. Oh, Mud Slide, I'm dependent on you.
I don't know but I've been told, there's a time from time to time.
I can't eat, I can't sleep but I just might move my feet.
Cause there's nothing like the sound of sweet soul music to change a young lady's mind.
And there's nothing like a walk on down by the bayou to leave the world behind, whoa,
Mud Slide I'm depending upon you. Mister Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon.

I've been letting the time go by, letting the time go by,
yes, I'm letting the time go by, letting the time go by.

I'm gonna cash in my hand and pick up on a piece of land
and build myself a cabin back in the woods.
Lord, it's there I'm gonna stay until there comes a day
when this old world starts to changing for the good.
Now the reason I'm smiling is over on a island on a hillside in the woods where I belong.
I wanna thank Jimmy, Jimmy, John, Nick and Laurie, the No Jets Construction
for setting me down a homestead on the farm, whoa, ooooo.

Mud Slide, I'm depending upon you. Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon.
Night goes on and on, don't want to come at all.  Baby, baby, baby, I know.
Stoney Lee Blue Borne, picking on a fretless bass, yeah, yeah.
Oil slick, slipping and a sliding and a slapping on.  Kootcheroo.

// Hey Mister, That's Me Up On The Jukebox //

Hey mister, that's me up on the jukebox. I'm the one that's singing this sad song.
Well, I'll cry every time that you slip in one more dime
and let the boy sing the sad song one, one more time.

Southern California, that's as blue as the boy can be,
blue as the deep blue sea, won't you listen to me now.
I need your golden gated cities like a hole in the head,
just like a hole in the head, I'm free.

Hey mister, that's me up on the jukebox. I'm the one that's singing this sad song.
Well, I'll cry every time that you slip in one more dime
and let the boy sing the sad song one, one more time.

I do believe I'm headed home. Hey mister, can't you see that I'm as dry as a bone.
I think I'll spend some time alone,
yes, unless you've found a way of squeezing water from a stone.

Let the doctor and the lawyer do as much as they can.
Let the springtime begin. let the boy become a man.
I done wasted too much time just to sing you this sad song.
I done been this lonesome picker a little too long.

Hey mister, that's me up on the jukebox. I'm the one that's singing this sad song.
Well, I'll cry every time that you slip in one more dime
and let the boy sing the sad song one, one more time.

I've been spreading myself thin these days, don't you know? Goodbye.

// Long Ago And Far Away //

Long ago, a young man sits and plays his waiting game.
But things are not the same it seems as in such tender dreams.
Slowly passing sailing ships and Sunday afternoon.
Like people on the moon I see are things not meant to be.

Where do those golden rainbows end? Why is this song so sad?
Dreaming the dreams I've dreamed my friend, loving the love I love
to love is just a word I've heard when things are being said.
Stories my poor head has told me cannot stand the cold.
And in between what might have been and what has come to pass,
a misbegotten guess alas and bits of broken glass.

Where do your golden rainbows end? Why is this song I sing so sad?
Dreaming the dreams I dream my friend, loving the love I love to love to love to love.

// Let Me Ride //

Hand me down my golden crown and let me ride, don't deny the highway in my soul.
Jump and sing that silver thing that I feel inside, Hallelujah, let that big wheel roll.

It's time to give me just a little bit of old time glory.
I'm talking about the coming of the sunshine story.
Set this poor soul free, let it be.

Break these bonds that hold my soul and I'm on my way.
I can't help feeling there's no time to lose.
I done made my mind up yesterday that I just can't stay,
so hand me down my highway shoes.

It's time to give me just a little bit of old time glory.
I'm talking about the coming of the sunshine story.
Set this poor soul free, let it be.

// Highway Song //

Father, let us build a boat and sail away, there's nothing for you here.
And brother, let us throw our lot out upon the sea. It's been done before.

I'm thinking about a broken heart, I'm talking 'bout the break of dawn,
you love me while I'm here and you can miss me when I'm gone.
Sweet misunderstanding, won't you leave a poor boy alone,
I'm the one eyed seed of a tumbleweed in the belly of a rolling stone.
Back on the highway, yeah, yeah, yeah, back on the road again.

I had a little woman in Memphis, she wanted to be my bride.
She said, settle on down, traveling man, you can stay right by my side.
I tried so hard to please her but I couldn't hold out too long,
cause one Saturday night I was laying in bed and I heard that highway song.
Back on the highway, yeah, yeah, yeah, back on the road again.

Now one of these days that highway song will lose its appeal to me.
I'm gonna settle on down like a natural born man,
I'm gonna live my life naturally, free and easy, mmmmm.
Until that day the thunder's gonna roll and I notice there's a sign of rain,
so I grab my bags and I pack my clothes and I'm back on the road again.
Back on the highway, yeah, yeah, yeah, back on the road again.

I'm thinking about a broken heart, I'm talking 'bout the break of dawn,
you love me while I'm here and you can miss me when I'm gone.
Sweet misunderstanding, won't you leave a poor boy alone,
I'm the one eyed seed of a tumbleweed in the belly of a rolling stone.
Back on the highway, yeah, yeah, yeah, back on the road again.

Here I am again, Holiday Inn, same old four walls again.
Gee, but it's fine to be back home again, whoa, now.
Said, Holiday Inn, I'm on the road again.

// Isn't It Nice To Be Home Again //

Late last night so far away, I dreamed myself a dream,
Well, I dreamed I as so all alone isn't it nice to be home again?
I said welcome home, didn't we miss your smiling face?
Well the sun was nice in L.A., sunshine, isn't it nice to be home again?
Well I said isn't it nice to be home again?

