Album: WhoKnowsWhereTheTimeGoes

// Who Knows Where The Time Goes? //

Across the evening sky, all the birds are leaving
But how can they know it's time for them to go?
Before the winter fire, I will still be dreaming
I have no thought of time

For who knows where the time goes?
Who knows where the time goes?

Sad, deserted shore, your fickle friends are leaving
Ah, but then you know it's time for them to go
But I will still be here, I have no thought of leaving
I do not count the time

For who knows where the time goes?
Who knows where the time goes?

And I am not alone while my love is near me
I know it will be so until it's time to go
So come the storms of winter and then the birds in spring again
I have no fear of time

For who knows how my love grows?
And who knows where the time goes?

// Spanish Main //

I have a tale of deceit and anger
How love's young hope can twist bitterly
A girl who [?] and her handsome sailor
Their dreams of livin' across the sea

Amelia walked down along the harbor
Her dainty step on the cobbled street
She smiled too sweet at the handsome sailors
Till young guns laid, as she chanced to be

And he fell in love with her so completely
He could think of nothing for weeks to come
And one time held her, so indiscreetly
Her lips they parted in the setting sun

Now, I have to leave on the flagship Lester
For gold and honor I hope to gain
But you have my heart while the sea's in motion
And I am sailin' on the Spanish Main

If you will wait and attend the weather
My own intentions I will make plain
For us to wed and to sail together
And make our home across the Spanish Main

She held his hand like she'd held no other
And she gazed with longin' into his eyes
But her heart held tight to it's own dark secret
Which, if he knew it he would sure despise

For she given her love to her own landlord
In who's cabin she'd hoped to abide
And he'd seen her meet with this handsome sailor
Steal a kiss on the evening tide

And it burned like a fire inside him
And a towering rage now around him grew
He shouted up to the stormy heavens
He vowed he'd find them both and burn them through

He tracked them down where the ship was lying
The cold steel flashed with a glittering pain
Their arms and twines they lay still and dying
Cut short their promise of the Spanish Main

// I Heard It Through The Grapevine //

Ooh, I bet you're wondering how I knew about your plans to make me blue
With some other guy that you knew before?
Between the two of us guys, you know I love you more
It took me by surprise, I must say, when I found out yesterday

I heard it through the grapevine, not much longer would you be mine
Ooh, I heard it through the grapevine, and I'm just about to lose my mind
Honey, honey, yeah

You know that a man ain't supposed to cry, but these tears I can't hold inside
Losin' you would end my life you see, 'cause you mean that much to me
You could have told me yourself that I found out from someone else

Ooh, I heard it through the grapevine, not much longer would you be mine
Ooh, I heard it through the grapevine, and I'm just about to lose my mind
Honey, honey, yeah

People say, "Believe half of what you see, son, and none of what you hear"
But I can't help bein' confused; if it's true, please tell me dear
Do you plan to let me go for that other guy that you knew before?

Ooh, I heard it through the grapevine, not much longer would you be mine
Ooh, I heard it through the grapevine, and I'm just about to lose my mind
Honey, honey, yeah

