Album: Bastard

// Bastard //

Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-Slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk 'cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself
Well, look, if, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower, so-

This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano 'cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

My mother raised me, a single parent, so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important, I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple, but probably not, fuck them

I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls: the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
'Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport
Go to school with this

I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs, I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses
Take this shit to school

Raquel treat me like my father, like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares are caught, go to sleep

I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
"Fuck me," the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal, play this shit in church

I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother, my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton
Wearing some fucking Heelys

I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. 'cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years
Impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
'Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug, oy
I'm bad for your kids to listen to, soy is not the choice
I'm bad milk, drink it

Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
'Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully mom'll attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

Wow, umm
So, Tyler, if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?

// Seven //

I'd tell him to eat a dick quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders
I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent
At Hamptons with Fred Hampton relaxing at Happy Camper
It's the fucking (financial aid) at Hamptons wasn't relaxing, I'm taxing
"Fuck 'em all!"'s what I'm chanting, don't complain, I'm just ranting
Fuck ranking, I'm the best, I'm the champion's chariot
I'm a liar like Carrey in Liar Liar
I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott, cable guy like Larry
Peter Pan in my youth, fucking fairies (Fucking fairies)
I'm using my tooth bait to get that bitch teeth paste
Fuck it, Odd Future some Nazis (Nazis), black Nazis don't copy (Copy)
We perfect, you sloppy (Sloppy), hotter than Saki Takei (Takei)
Fuck a label on my jacket, screw you like a ratchet
Screw you like a black teen on Judge Hatchett (Bitch)
Hang with thrashers and jackers, drug dealers and crackers
AP students and slackers, I'm backwards
Like Jermaine Dupri in '93, escaping from concentration camps
With a fucking girl board and a ramp
That I ordered from CCS with some diamonds that's VVS
Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress (Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress, bitch)
With some matching pink panties, lipstick from my granny
Sup on my hat like that motherfucker friendly
White red-headed bitch reminded me of Annie
She dino like my state of mind, so yeah she understand me (Yup)
Fuck You Bunch is here, never disrespect my family
That's for my little brother, sister, cousin and my auntie (Auntie)
Wasted fucking youth? All you old niggas antiques
We go skate, rape sluts and eat donuts from Randy
Bitches like Tia Landry watching Billy and Mandy (Watching Billy and Mandy)
Motherfuckers wanna be Odd but you can't be (Can't be, heh)
Sit the fuck down all you old niggas stand me, faggot (Faggot, ayy)
I guess I got to be a fucking hand-me-down rapper
From Los Ange' area anytime I'm fucking landing
Fuck (Fuck) 2DopeBoyz and NahRight
Shoutout (Shoutout) to Hype Trak, them motherfuckers could never get rid of me
Guess I gotta do a fucking song with Dom Kennedy
Get these fucking hip hop bloggers to start feeling me
Because I'm seventeen, compose my own beats
Lyrically I'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
Maybe I should buy some Hundreds, wear some fucking skinny jeans
And follow in your footsteps like a motherfucking millipede
Centipede, make songs about Gucci and ciga-weed
Jerk with my freshmen like it's some motherfucking little league
No, I'm not no fucking hipster, mister
No, I'm not no fucking Kid Cudi, all my fucking fans love me
Collaboration hits for fans screaming fuck buddies (Fuck buddies, O-F)
Yo, yo
I'm driving in a stolen truck, and I'm probably fucking drunk
Wasted as fuck, can't walk it out, DJ Unk (Uh!)
My nose is filled with coke and my license is revoked
(Shut the fuck up!) Who the fuck told me not to spoke? (Me)
Fuck everybody here, everybody vanished
I'm managed, hop off my dick and make a fucking sandwich
Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish
(You know what? Fuck you) Fuck you (Shit), faggot (Fucking bastard)

Hahaha, yeah, um, as you can probably tell from listening to this record
I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period
But um, I didn't mean to offend anyone
Alright, I'm lying
O-F

// Odd Toddlers //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Ugh, yeah, how you doing today?
Ugh
Yeah, uh-huh, yeah
Ace the Creator, man, look
Casey Veggies, uh-huh
Odd Future, look
Look

Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch, I'm dope, but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes, and it's pink on the title
Nigga, fuck your role model, bitch, I'm my own idol, and
If you can't face it, my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorized accessories bring out my assets
Nigga, this sound on acid tablets
Stussy's G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging, the tom-toms
My produce selection is fresh, nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, throw them on the back bender
'Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step One: Pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step Two: Run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me with Gucci belts
Gucci imprint from leather welts

Uh-huh, yeah
Ace the Creator, man, ugh
Casey Veggies, yo
Uh-huh, Odd Future, nigga
Get used to, ugh
Let me— Ayy, I'ma slow it down right quick for you
Look

I'm so dapper, man, funky-fresh, Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions
I'm a virgin of swap meets, I'm so pure, so sick, it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the T-shirt is Supreme
Ugh!

[Casey Veggies:]
And they see me, they play "Pictionary"
I got a good way with words like a dictionary
And in that dictionary, my name is by "Fresh"
They at the same spot, they making no progress
Becoming a good rapper ain't that easy of a process
Eargasms, they have them
The hotels we staying in twelve-star
Tyler said, "Yo, Casey, just write a twelve-bar"
If I'm with twelve people, I'm with twelve stars
You haters put up your guards
They against us? Oh, no
Red and white diamonds, Supreme, box logo

// French! //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Got all the Black bitches mad 'cause my main bitch vanilla
She tryna get her groove back like Stella, grab the umbrella
When it comes to your perception of my shit, I'm Helen Keller
When it comes to the perfection of my shit, I know you smell the
Rectum, I'm like a chromosome, I always X 'em
Like Wolverine's stepson, attacking a deadly weapon
I'm opening a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin
And fuck Mary in her ass—Haha, yo
I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest
In the three-bear house, eating they motherfucking porridge
I tell her it's my house, give her a tour in my basement
And keep that bitch locked up in my storage
Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit
Octopussy, special effect, direct
Bitches, we banging, and please never disrespect my set
With Canons hanging from our necks like it's a motherfucking circus

[Hodgy, Tyler, the Creator & Both:]
You little niggas better check my French (My French)
Ugh, you getting money? Better check my French (My French)
Uh, what time is it, huh? Check my French (My French)
If you got my shit, you better check my French (Motherfucker!)
I'm making moves, sh—check my French (My French)
I speak English, but check my French (My French)
Your ho be on my penis, she check my French
Bitch!

I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard
'Cause every girl I'm digging
When I'm digging in her pussy, I'm never using (A rubber)
But fuck it, I guess I gotta stretch it out like it was flubber
And leave it dripping green and red like double cheeseburgers
Chewing on cum like bubblegum from Hubba
This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp (Hahahaha)
Yeah
Yo, I'm seventeen, already sniffing blow
I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat
I got a new show for MTV: "Pimp My Boat"
Because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that silly ho
The most that they can do is fine me
I'm hiding, somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me
"Oh no, Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters, no"
Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go

You little niggas better check my French (My French)
Ugh, you getting money? Better check my French (My French)
Uh, what time is it, huh? Check my French (My French)
If you got my shit, you better check my French (Motherfucker!)
I'm making moves, sh—check my French (My French)
I speak English, but check my French (My French)
Your ho be on my penis, she check my French
Bitch!

[Hodgy:]
Yo, you little niggas better check my French
I got all-stars, and you can check my bench
Left Brain, Super 3, Creator Ace
Put expressions in the music and create the face
Of the picture—punchline, figured out, "Ahh, I get you"
No, you don't, nigga, so why don't you go'n' figure?
You seem confused anyway, pressured enough?
You the type to do the choke when the pressure is up
The pressure is the pump, and the pressure is us
Bitches having eargasms, and the pleasure is us
Niggas wanna be O.F. and write letters to us
Competition's competition, yo, you better than us?
Digest what I'm saying? I don't think so
We sick shit, throw it up down in the sink, yo
These Odd niggas are beginning to spill these pink flows
We think sorta odd, so we think so

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Crusing in my go-kart at Walmart selling cupcakes
Go 'head, admit it, faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape
That involve Ballpark Franks and silver duct tape
Pornos, some hormones, and boxes of DiGiorno
You homos is loco, you probably drinking Cuervo
With some vatos, with the door closed, watching "Zorro"
You homos

[Tyler, the Creator & Dr. TC:]
O.F
Yes
So, are you dating anyone right now? You know, or
No, I'm—I'm just playing the field, just for now
Ah, so... I'm guessing she's white, since she's "vanilla"
Haha

// Blow //

If this was a game
I already know that I would come out winning
And I'm not bragging, I'ma be in her
But this bitch really think that I'm 'bout to buy her dinner
My steak good, I got a good cut like splinter
Juicy and hot, such a black-bitch temper
Now she wanna talk and chop it up like a blender
But I don't give a fuck or even list-en like Schindler
She's cute, but her forehead's big
Got stretch marks like she got four kids
Her legs can't close like the four-doorhinge Bronco
That O.J. killed the white whores with
A wealthy white girl without the facelift
Lure her with expensive dinners and a nice bracelet
Leave the bitch breathless
What the bitch don't know is that I'm a motherfuckin' sellout and a rapist

Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort
Blow

If this was a game
I would be considered a motherfucking legend
And I ain't trying to gas you like Chevron
But I'm high as fuck, bitch, you really need to get on my leverage
Now, we're in the cabin, in the middle of ("Uh...")
Tryna find ways to really stuff you in my cabinet
Dreamy little bastard, I done ran out of luck
So now, it's time for a bloody foot, you little rabbit
You're very attractive
And notice that my hat is always the color of cactus
(And I hang with wolves) 'Cause I'm an evil bastard
Pictures of you on my wall
No glue, no tape, but just cum, plastered
Met you at my school, departed at my house
Ended at your panties, started at your blouse
Pushed you downstairs, I took a nap up on the couch

If you wanted a date, don't come
Now, you gotta make it easy for you, don't run
You call this shit "kids?" Well, I call these kids "cum"
And you call this shit "rape," but I think that rape's fun
Wait, now it's about eight-something
It's late, and you stuck down in my base-one
Come downstairs with nothing but a shoe-string
Yeah, bitch, this date's done

Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort (Wanna watch a movie?)
Blow
Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort? (Watch a movie)
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk (Bright lights)
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort (We could go anywhere)
Blow

I like my girls how I like my drugs:
White
Lord, you're so pretty
Lying in my arms
I just got one request:
Stop breathing

// Pigs Fly //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Ayy, ayy, uh

I was taught to act my shoe size, never my age
I always judge a book by the cover, never the page
I never judge a murder by weapons, only the rage
That he felt when he dealt with the physiological phase
They say that I never cease to amaze
While half my mental belongs in a cage
The ape is a beast, tranquilize that bitch
If you niggas selling dope then you selling my shit
Selling my assets
I'm so damn illegal that I need to be arrest
But then they'll get my mom for 18 years of possession
She showed me affection like a drug dealer using her pocket for my protection

The pigs fly away in the morning
But I ain't get to see you today
And if I want to go outside
I got to make sure that I can play here
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly
Well you ain't been looking through my eyes

[Domo Genesis:]
I bet you've never seen a pig fly, nope
Right next to the fat lady hitting high notes
Went to sleep at seven never woke up from the dream
Wore my wings and my jeans but my hat is from Supreme
So I guess that's where I hide my things
Caged, and the wonder is seen
Middle finger missing so I can not give a fuck
I can hear the bells ringing off the nice dream truck
So I'm chasing the dreams, no realities
Hoping that maturity won't be too mad at me
But if so, I'll take the scorn, indeed happily
Long as I can feel my heart tap like Happy Feet

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Fatherless kids, orphans like me and Domo is
A fuck that we will never give is like our pops
But what we did was found our niche and made a stitch
Just like a shirt, that's why our stains smell like the shit, that's from

The pigs fly away in the morning
But I ain't get to see you today
And if I want to go outside
I got to make sure that I can play here
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly
Well you ain't been looking through my eyes, yeah

[Tyler, the Creator & Domo Genesis:]
And my circus is all night (Don't go home tonight)
It's all night (Don't go home tonight, chill)
Bitch, it's all night (Don't go home tonight)
And my circus is all night (Don't go home tonight, chill)
Bitch, it's all night (Please stay, don't go home tonight)
It's all night (Don't go home tonight)

[Tyler, the Creator:]
I'm an odd fellow, the opposite of mellow
The therapist said hello but my mom would wonder
I was dealing with iller shit like professional plumbers
Like food for thought was my father but I ain't have the hunger
My self esteem was like me, tall and full of flaws
My pride is gone, I'm that guy like Aaron Hall
Shit, I know some niggas wear their hearts on their sleeves
But I wear mine on my head, Supreme

// Parade //

My music
My mind
And them three sixes

Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)

Welcome to the euphoria of cocaine without Abel
I can make music that makes sense, but not mentally stable
Eighteen, with the whole world in front of me
Odd Future teenagers, nobody can fuck with we

Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)
Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)

I scream and jump around on couches while you sit and talk
I skip to places, smiley faces, while you fucking walk
My TV stays on Cartoon Network, fuck that "Twilight" shit
You have highlights about your life, I have life 'bout my highlights, bitch
Go to college, get a job, marry, have a kid
Watch them grow, and then you die? No, nigga, fuck the system

Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)

Good kids make bad grown-ups
Stay gold, stray old, maturing means that your life sucks
In my wolf suit, I roam where the wild things at
Still growing, still learning, not knowing that I'm Max
I don't want to grow up, I know that shit for a fact
Nigga, eighteen

Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)
Odd (I'm not yet a man)
Future (Still not of a boy)
Wolf (This my only joy)
Gang (Now let's parade in gold)

They say I'm immature; I say that they depressed
I talk to unicorns; I'm wearing a uniform
Of a nigga that don't give a fuck about time
You live your life all serious while I'm enjoying mine

Wow, that's—That's a really good way to look at it
Yeah I mean... I don't. I mean I'm really hyper and everything with my imagination
Ohh okay—ADHD?
I'm not having ADHD like, one second, I'm real hype as fuck, but the next minute, I can just slow that shit down

// Slow It Down //

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Ace, the Creator
OF
Hodgy Beats (Drop it)

[Hodgy:]
We come through throbbing like thunder storms
Make their feets get wet and funky up in they under arms
I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwing bombs
With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on
Niggas get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms
Suck a dick, eat salaam getting they nails done in salons
Hodgy Beats is like lip balm
If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms
I got nice hands, niggas eat out my big palms
Haters must be starving nowadays, I make California Vietnam
And I'm going to embalm my creativity
Into a CD-ROM, so you can feel this shit I'm on

[Tyler, the Creator:]
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Bring the keys, yeah!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow bitches (Bring the keys, oh my God!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Could you bring the keys? Yeah!)
Slow it down, slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
Slow it down (Drop the drums)

Pink chinchilla, something like Thriller
My t-shirts are bathing, a bathing gorilla
You niggas all hype like you drink a cup of Splenda
But I ate the whole plate like a fat bitch dinner
I'm never the winner, always the loser
I don't choose to win, but I will choose her
Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna
I never use a fork I always spoon her
Go nuts, instrumental flow much
European model white bitch is eating donuts
Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch
Making shit come like I'm Go-Go Gadget
I'm mental, it's instrumental
Make your bitches' therapist ask for dental records
And I hope this record have you stabbing niggas with colored pencils

We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Bring the keys, yeah!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow bitches (Bring the keys, oh my God!)
We gon' slow it down, you gon' slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
We gon' slow it down for all you slow niggas (Could you bring the keys? Yeah!)
Slow it down, slow it down (Turn it up, nigga, where's the bass?)
Slow it down (Drop the drums)

Yo, bubble gum that Reese's Pieces
You fail at life, I'll mug your teachers
I've got Muslims calling on Jesus
I fucked Kelly, where is Regis?
Found Alicia, now she keyless
Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless
Murdered every bod from my squad
So technically, now I'm teamless
O.F. is so prestigious, yeah

Um, it's not that hard but
Well, for me it's not
OFM, bangin' on your FM
Ace, The Creator
Hodgy Beats
OF, yes

// AssMilk //

Uh, addicts arise when I arrive
In this cracked crack fag back slab in disguise
Fat sack of knives in the passenger side
Bitch, reach for the door, get your access denied
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot
The only time I do is when a bitch is screaming "Tyler, stop!"
The big bad wolf; to me, you're just a minor fox
Red Riding is getting some of this wolfly odder cock
We the niggas you scared of like bad dentists
Flow is anthemic, dirty like it's plants in it
Sick, spit a pandemic, crack and cancer mixed with cannabis
To have a bitch ready to stab a clit with some glass and shit
Your whole gang'll be diminished, bunch got the Brady's in it
Spit sick shit like my saliva got the rabies in it
Fuck rap, I'll be a landlord so I can rape the tenant's daughter
Leave my house with a new stomach, and a baby in it
Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carri—

"Augh! Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, stop!"
"Why did you do that?"
"Say sorry, say sorry!"
"Sorry! I'm sorry as fuck!
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry as fuck, ow, ow!"
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry! Don't look at this!"
"Say sorry"
"Don't look at this, ow stop!"
"Say sorry!"
"Ow! Stop 'fore you fuck something up!"
"Say, "Sorry!"
"Say, "Sor-"
"Sorry, sorry—Uncle!"
"I fucked this nigga eye up man haha"

Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carriers
Jim Carrey her to the cemetery to bury her
Listen busters, scarier when I finger fuck her
After I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit of mustard
Took karate, mommy told me "Tyler toughen up"
Rihanna haircut, somebody tell Chris Brown to fuck me up
Had to teach the bitch manners, now I gotta learn her
I'll beat the fuck out your bitch anonymous, Ike Turner
Over, sloppy seconds is my preference
Except for when I'm feeding on the flesh of a pedestrian
Nessy loch monster stop Will he though? Probably not
Silly hoes lick my balls like FIFA lollipops
Get the certain tingle, eating Häagen-Dazs
With some soccer moms where they like to fucking sit and mingle
Watch an Animal Planet document on the Eagles
In the flyest '06 Supreme beanie, Sigel
Your grind's feeble, I'm regal, really, I'm Willy Smith
I am Legend, a snicker dick in a vanilli chick
Come take a stab at it faggot, I pre-ordered your casket
This is known as a classic, yeah that chapped lips crack shit
Hat is always forest so the bitches call me Gump
But compliment her tits and then its off to hump her
Fuck her in a Hummer while I rape her then I put her in a slumber
It's not a figure of speech when I tell you that I dumped her
Known narcissists, sipping on arsenic
Carved carcasses in the garage, don't park in it
Hard as finding retarded kids at Harvard
It's Wolf Gang barking keep you up like car alarms and shit
Over the edge, yeah I hide in a potato sack
'Cause I'm cold as ice like Anasia when she fucking Traq
I'm the type to put you down to bring myself up
So when I rape a bitch I hold her down and get my best nut
The reincarnation of '98 Eminem
60 Crip and Grizzly and some RMK Denim
Pay attention I'm stabbing your women friends, like a gentleman
Then dipping with the fucking pen to go sin again
White girl, you can ask her what the dick be like
At monster madness doing drive by's on a fucking fixie bike
Fuck it, moron, snorting oxycontin, wearing cotton
Oxymoron like buff faggots playing sissy dikes
This the shit that get cripple bitches to hop
Dirty crack pipes lit, bullshit to stop, halt
Boss broke, spouse choke, blouse open
Sly's little shop of horrors, now showing
I hate gays, gangbangers and fucking jerkers
Unless it's gay gangbangers, that's fucking jerkers
Whoa yo, yo.. no homo, I'm not gay, faggot
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wu-Tang banging in your system
Probably banging in your sister
With my children swimming in her system
Let me say this shit in slow-mo, homo
You don't fucking skate, take off that box logo

// VCR / Wheels //

[Part 1 – VCR]

I don't want to play you
I just want to tape you undressing
And I'll lay you down and record soft porn
If it's romance then it's hardcore
If it's horror, pop the popcorn
The thoughts to rape you really turns me on

Press my buttons baby
Just to press buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby
Bitch

You're my favorite show, any chance I get I try to watch
Die-hard fans can't stop with the tapings
Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings
Of the VHS, especially during sex, baby

Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby
Bitch

Ready to watch? I'mma slip it in the tape deck
But put it in slow-mo, I don't want to bust the tape yet, press play
Now this is what I call an evening
A live show, almost equivalent to the screening
Your dream movie? I'm the clearest copy
Now time for Blow, I'm Johnny deep with the rarest poppy
Snort a little, now you're getting groovy
'Cause I'll kill you if I find out you're watching some other movies, bitch

Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby
Bitch
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby (O.F.)
Bitch
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press, please
Stop!

[Part 2 – Wheels]

Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel
Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell
Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail
Lock my heart up, this is jail, throw away the key

Can I sleep over
And wake up next to you? (I want you bad)
I want to feel you near
Just let me whisper in your ear
Um

We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up
But I'm on some shrooms if you really want to feel the room
I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest
I skated all day, I just need some rest and your breasts

Can I sleep over
And wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near
Just let me whisper in your ear
Um

We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car
He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day
Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so much
That was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss? Kiss

Can I sleep over
And wake up next to you? (Bitch)
I want to feel you near (Yeah, got you, bitch)
Just let me whisper in your ear
Um

We both teenagers with the same mind state
How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date?
Your cat is waiting for that raw fish, I can't wait
Get it?

Can I sleep over
And wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near
Just let me whisper in your ear
Um

// Session //

I can't read!
(I'm gonna throw up)
I got 5
"I got 5 on it 2, my nigga"
(You smoking, my nigga?)
Nah, I ain't smoking
"Come on, nigga! Just hit the fucking-"
Nah, you know I don't smoke
"This nigga never want to smoke, my nigga"
I'm high off life, nigga
"Straight edge ass nigga"
I'm good man
"If you ain't gonna fuckin' smoke nigga, then just rap for us, nigga"
Aight nigga, I got this
Yo, yo, look

[Tyler, The Creator:]
I'm Tyler, Mr. Green Hat
Pro-abortion, anti-clean rap
Fuck your blog opinion and your feedback
My self-respect I leave that, in the lost and found
Where the black girls get their weaves back
Awesome I achieve that mini, blasting "You're a jerk"
In some fucking yellow skinnies looking like a fucking faggot
Bouncing 'round the house trying to find an easy way to rape Minnie
Bet you thirty dollars you find her like Cartman found Kenny, dead
I like my girls smart, skinny
Kinda pop tart, when I bite into them red
I'm a self-racist, you should tape this, ask Sarah, I'm the rapist
I'm a fascist, fuck fashion, Gucci belts is for them faggots
My hat is by Jabbia, and if you got a fucking problem
With the future, you can get a death wish just like Atiba
Fuck the biz apparent, Odd Future errant
I'm watching the Berrics getting head from someone's parent
A lot of fucking hate inside my heart, guaranteed
That I'm sharing in the force with the cyclops staring
I'm flying on a beaver, you're a disbeliever
So don't ask for no motherfuckin' ride when you see us
Swim right past you, the shit-list said that I'm nutty such a cashew
'Cause I jack off with dish soap and smell gas fumes
Permanent brain damage similar to tattoos
The shit, you can mention me if anybody ask you
Kill the jungle, let the cats loose
You didn't see me here if someone ask you

[Hodgy Beats:]
I want to feel her in every way
Mary Jane keeps me high like every day
Bong, vaporizer, in the sack now
Stuck in my high, afraid of heights, I'm trapped
Buy a swisher for a dollar or two blunt wraps
Roll it up and ensure that everything's fat
She ain't got time to try and relieve ya
But she'll get all in your head, Sativa

[BrandUn DeShay:]
I'm good but y'all don't want me like vegetables
I'm all in front of you zeroes like decimals (whoa)
Let's take them high like the decibels
So we get them high, get them high like cholesterol
In a overweight mother-lover, my tracks is filled with blubber
That's fat, who needs another producer?
Chica-Go-Getter from Odd Future, used to ride solo
'Cause I ain't really care what the rest say
Type of nigga to jerk off to his own sex tape
Best stay away when the door closed, I show up with four hoes
Best believe I'm leaving with more of those
And I got a girlfriend so I'm a keep lying 'til the verse end, fin
BrandUn DeShay, Hodgy Beats, Ace the Creator
Odd Future, O.F. until, until... from now until forever, peace

[Mike G:]
We grind, these niggas asking for some promo
We sit back, observe, stacking hella box logos
Square circle jerks starting O.F. moshpit
Preaching to the poets, I'm an O.F. prophet
No less profit, fiened when we drop shit
Convertible coupe, bitches scream when their tops split
It's that crack, give you something to sell
Put these bitches on lock down, something like jail
Thought she hot I swear, probably rougher than hell
And she ain't gay, but the only thing she like is fucking Chanel
Light skinned women, all sex everything
Think we can fit ten in, bowls packed with everything
Everything that we call flight, living life
This is everything that they call hype
I'm everything that they call nice
She in colors and shit, she off that northern lights, right
Intimidated by niggas you can't be
I'm a G, and this is something you can't see
Top ranked, number one my son
And she looking for them trees, baby we got some
And stay focused on the women and you get less done
It's ironic 'cause I always hear you talking about one
Them other niggas smoke, they ain't this high
How high? Nigga, higher than the kites they fly

// Sarah //

I like my girls skinny with brains
I like my hoodies fucked with Lame
I like my friends imaginary with no names
And I make music for the fuck of it, no fame
Aim, shoot, the gun of love, round
Tried to find ammo but it's none around town
So I went Down South but I ended up North
Uptown sitting on Cloud 9's white porch
And of course, my car's off course
You're so white, my blinkers don't work
I'm trying to let the force be with you, I get you
Music is my first, but I contemplate divorce (Damn)
You make a nigga sing songs nice
You make a nigga's night turn day
And you make the flowers sing say turn green yellow
It sucks that I didn't get the chance to say hello (Hi)
I want to eat you out like jello
And mess with your body like the bass and the cello
And tell your mom I said hello, you want to go to prom with–? (Nigga, hell no!)
Fuck (Shit!) and another one, there goes another one

Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)

Maybe? (No)
Maybe? (I'm sorry)
Maybe? (I got a date)
Maybe? (Where's your dad?)

I like her L-I-K-E, the only difference is she won't fuck with me
But she will fuck with that vegetable with the hairs full of Xs and Os
I want to tie her body up and throw her in my basement
Keep her there, so nobody can wonder where her face went

- Tyler, what are you doing?
- Shut the fuck up!
- Uh-umm
- Shut the fuck- You gon'- You gon' fuckin' love me bitch
- Uhh
- Or I'mma fuckin' put this gun in your fuckin' head

But all I really want is a kiss on the cheek
In private, not public in the streets
And your cupcake I would eat and your toes
'Cause I got a big fetish with the feet
I just want somebody I can see
You can be a gold digger, you ain't got to love me
I'm serious (I love you) I don't ask for much
Your heart literally is what I do want for lunch (Help me!)
Now this shit is turning to a habit
I'm the burger king, I gotta have it my way
And truthfully girl you really make my day
I would probably kill myself if you told me you was gay
And I can't even look the other way
Your aura is a magnet, my eyes a metal bag, it's attractive
L-O-L laughing, you're a gold Oscar and I'm just actin'
And I want your cinema hole, and have our kids play supporting role
Climbing up the pole, Jack and the Beanstalk, bitch it's gold
And I was in loath, I would never get over you (Help me! Help me!), ever, Sarah

Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)
(Maybe) Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)

You're my lady, you taste so good (Oh no!)
You're my lady, be my lady (Oh no!)
You'll be with me forever (Oh no, blaow!)
I love you, so much (Oh no!)

Half your body laying on my chest
The rest is in my stomach, that's including your breast
And I'ma just take another guess
Now you probably wishing that you would have said yes
Am I crazy? Maybe
But fucked up is how I been lately
Shit, I don't give a fuck
Your family looking for you, wish 'em good luck
Bitch, you tried to play me like a dummy
Now you stuck up in my motherfuckin' basement all bloody
And I'm fucking your dead body, your coochie all cummy
Looking in your dead eyes, what the fuck you want from me?
What did you want from me?
What did you want from me?

(Police!)
I gave you everything
(Police!)
But, I guess I wasn't the one
(This is the police! Open the door!)
I don't know, I don't know
(Open the goddamn door! We have you surrounded, motherfucker!)
(Open up or we'll barge right in!)
Fuck it!
Blaow!

// Jack And The Beanstalk //

[Jay-Z:]
They don't paint pictures, they just trace me

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Odd Future, I'm your motherfucking sergeant
Nigga, I'm in charge, I fuck with Freshjive
'Cause I get it, no charge
And BBC for the low price, no barging, nigga that's a bargain
Cow-print t-shirt like motherfucking dog
On the motherfucking farm with cockadoodle doodles
I'm making straight bitches pussy wet just like a noodle
And my dick must be dog food to these bitches' poodles
Felines on the free time, I'm tossing bitches' salads
And I'm eating up they croutons, Erica to Milan
We was flying to Milan, was supposed to go to Bangkok
Until she figured out that she don't really like to bang cock
To Soho, Baby Milo so dope
The cocaine flow, niggas spit heat, propane
Niggas get the picture, I see, why?
They don't paint pictures, they just trace me

My nigga, no hook, and
They don't, paint pictures
My nigga, no hook, and
They don't, paint pictures
My nigga, no hook
They don't, paint pictures
My nigga, no hook
They don't, paint pictures
No hook
They don't, paint pictures
Fuck a hook, man
They don't, paint pictures
Fuck a hook
They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me

Yo, beside me, nobody likes me
Mainly because I am not a fucking HypeBeast
I think Supreme suck, we nollie all our Nikes
I can wear some Wranglers, with a fucking White T
Doo-rags to match, and I do sag, in fact
My hat is in tact with the Fubu pull over
Nigga, you pull over, fuck a Rover Range
And I'm driving a unicorn, plus my bitch is strange
And I'm the only fucking rapper without a chain
With a four-finger ring like I can't spell my fucking name
And I go to Obama rallies screaming out "McCain"
Them ignorant, thrashing motherfuckers is my gang
And the dirty Ladera, I can't forget where I came from
Nigga, you don't claim none, from, I am the teacher
White and black bitch like she's a motherfucking zebra
Candies in my pocket, I see you niggas on Easter

[Tyler, the Creator & Jay-Z:]
My nigga, no hook, and
They don't, paint pictures
My nigga, no hook, and
They don't, paint pictures
My nigga, no hook
They don't, paint pictures
No hook, and
They don't, paint pictures
No hook
They don't, paint pictures
No hook
They don't, paint pictures
No hook
They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me

[Tyler, the Creator:]
(It's gold) The gold is in the back
(It's gold) The pixels in the front
(It's gold) The beat's a fucking bully
(Go home) The lyric's just a punk, and
(Gold) The pink is in the sky
(That shit's gold) The gold is in my mind
(It's gold) The mind is in my gold
The beat is turning old, so go (Yo—yo)

(Gold) Synthesizer, I'm the motherfucking master
(It's gold) Nigga, I'm a bastard, I fuck with chord keys
(Gold) 'Cause the sound lasts longer, bass drum is longer
(It's gold) Than a hi-hat made of plastic, nigga, sound is elastic
(Gold) Nigga, you can't bite this, unless you want to bite back
(It's gold) I didn't take my fucking Rit'lin, this is a hype track
(Gold) HypeTrak, that synth, nigga this is sax shit
I had you motherfuckers eating salad like a fat bitch

Gold
Um
(Aight)
Uh
Drop it

Ace the Creator
O.F.M
Banging on your FM
Ace the Creator
Drop the drums, nigga
Thank you to HypeBeast

// Tina //

[Dr. TC & Tyler, The Creator:]
So, do you party?
Nah, I just do ignorant hoodrat shit with me and my niggas in the fucking mall, Odd Future Wolf Gang
(Drop it)

[Jasper Dolphin:]
Niggas at the fucking mall, niggas, where my fucking drawers?
Think I'm happy? Think I'm sad? Bitch, you fucking know my dad
He wears his pants up in his ass, touch his ass, grab his dick
You's a fag, you like that shit, OF is the fucking clique
I'm going off the top of the brain
Nigga, don't know how to rap, but I'm in the game
Fuck that shit, I'on't give a fuck
I'm back up in the fucking club, niggas know I'm at the mall
Eating chips with my drawers, how you doin'? How you fall?

[Tyler, The Creator with all:]
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Eat my ass, lick my balls
Bitch, I'm in the fucking mall, with my niggas, eating ham (Mmm) (Yo)
Bitch, I got that fucking swag, you don't know my fucking dad
I don't know my fucking dad, what is this? A fucking purse?
I ain't fucking Mexican, but we can have sex again
With your sister, with no rubber (Alexis' real name is Alex)
What the fuck? That's your fucking brother?
I ain't with that jerkin' shit
Unless, it's Steve Harvey's buff sister trying to jerk my dick

[Tyler, The Creator with all:]
Swag, swag, swag, swag (Woo, woo, woo, woo)
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[All:] Swag, swag, swag
[Taco:] Swag, swag, swag, swag
[Tyler, the Creator:] Oh no, oh no, oh no
Swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag

[Travis Taco:]
I'm with your girlfriend, eating chips
Mmm, stop the beat, bitch
Uh, oh, oh, shit, fuck, mmm, mmm
Wait, stop the beat
Alright, yeah, nigga, I was in the mall
With my niggas, busting triggers, yee, swag

[Tyler, The Creator with all:]
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[Tyler, The Creator & Jasper Dolphin:]
Bitches, hoes, weaves, leather jackets (Fuck Craig, nigga don't know)
Bitches, weaves, hoes, leather jackets
Bitches, weaves, hoes, swag (I'ma kill you and that fucking baby, bitch)

// Inglorious //

[Dr. TC:]
Well, Tyler, uh
It's about that time
I mean, you're a good kid, just misguided
Okay, so is there anything else you wanna say before we end this?

[Tyler, the Creator:]
My father died the day I came out of my mother's hole
And left a burden on my soul, until I was old enough
To understand that the fuckin' faggot didn't like me much
He loved my moms enough to bust a nut and then he... (Shake Junt)
Bring Your Pops to School Day, for twelve years, I cheated
Told the fuckin' faculty that he was at a meeting and
Bring That Dude to Life day, he wasn't at the meeting
Made a U-turn on the way there like, "The fuck am I thinking?" (What?)
Birthdays, Christmas, my only fucking wish list
Was CDs (And a father) and a new fit
Instead, I got some CDs, inhaler, some Ritalin, some white socks
I was hyper 'cause I ain't get attention from my real pops
Cops say I'm supposed to be in jail, but they don't know it's me
Statistics say that niggas with no father ain't gon' be shit (Nigga!)
Well I guess I had one, 'cause, nigga, I'm it
You smell that? (Yeah!) That's the odor of success, bitch

I know I'm not the only bastard
In America
So I'm gon' to need some help, on this next part
Scream it with me, niggas

[Tyler, the Creator with Hodgy Beats:]
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I graduated
(Without you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Nigga, eighteen) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Got a car, nigga) Fuck you
(Eat a dick, nigga) Bitch

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Father's Day was the worst when it came to gifts
'Cause I ain't know for who or what the fuck to get
Now, my mama mentioned the day before what she would like
'Cause she's playin' both roles, like her occupation was dyke, fucking right
I ain't look up to Obama and Nixon (Nope)
I look up to the Hugos and Dixons (Yup)
The niggas in the vision, rap about the shit they cooking in the kitchen
Pushing keys, like them niggas that were banging on them keys
My father never seen me, the nigga probably Stevie
He bought me a hoodie, a couple albums
Like that's gonna make up for the years and the tears
And the money that my mama spent on rent and clothes
You fucking dipped out, I swear to God, if I see you I'ma get out
The M-16 and let a fucking clip out (rah!)
'Cause in 16 years, you let your kid doubt the existence, none
I don't give a fuck either, like father, like son, I'm done

[Hodgy Beats:]
He ain't give a fuck about me
He ain't give a fuck about you
He ain't give a fuck about we
So what the fuck we gon' do?

[Tyler, the Creator with Hodgy Beats:]
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I graduated
(Without you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Nigga, eighteen) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Got a car, nigga) Fuck you
(Eat a dick, nigga) Bitch

[Tyler, the Creator:]
The cold is nice, and I'm not talking 'bout the weather
The skin is thick, no need for leather
Your father called, he said you're better without him
I'm not the only fuck without them
How to tie a tie and how to get your suit hemmed
Up, take it to the shop, then, what?
Fuck it, momma's proud of her asthmatic, thin fuck
Luck on my brim, Sup-preme keeps me warm
When the cold blood swarms in my veins, fuck rain in the summer
The bummer is the fact that I'm black
And I hang with white Neos whose marrow stays frío
Now, this counselor is tryna tell me that I'm emo
She don't give a fuck
D-low, where's the trigger? I'll let this bullet play hero

Shit
No, no, fuck that
Fuck that
I ain't deserve this
I'm over it
Bang!

