Album: CherryBomb

// DEATHCAMP //

Um, excuse me mister, but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special, the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego there so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime, brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search Of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man, I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder
Than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada but let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named my album "Cherry Bomb" because "Greatest Hits" sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules
She said that I must, I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk; "Who's in charge of this Golf shit?"
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick."
It's young T

I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
You better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now your face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life

Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)

// BUFFALO //

[Bunny Sigler:]
"Yeah!"
"You feel alright?"
"Yeah!"

[Tyler, The Creator:]
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
And fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew, them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had they page in a bunch
Fucking attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But I'm a fraud, I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashing
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fucking kill you with a Popsicle
Cold blooded, so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kidding, keep the Tommy on me; bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seemed off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'Preme off
Should've bought some stock in it (Yo, it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't—wait, let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin, and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts, boy, I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T
While y'all niggas watching the throne, the throne be watching me

[Shane Powers, Tyler, The Creator, Bunny Sigler:]
"If you fuck this up... There are so many fucking kids right now, listening to this guy."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
"Get those wings flapping, motherfucker! 'Cause this kid's ready to fucking fly."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigga, nigga on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kids said the show was awesome
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
"Tyler, Tyler, I swear to—I swear to fuck! If you fucking... Do not fuck this up! You have the whole world in your fucking hands."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")

[Tyler, The Creator:]
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lacking confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me?
T a great director, niggas' vision must be blurry
Boy, I get them epic shots like jaywalking in Missouri
Wait, how many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring my album out so I can hear one?
Pour me a drink, shit, I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait, how many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up? See, that's the issue

// PILOT //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Fly with the birds in the wind
Where you wanna go, who, what, why, when? Uh
On a scale of nine to ten
You taking L's baby, hold my hand and feel like the wind, uh
Now fasten your seat belt, and turn everything off
I got your attention, motherfucker, I'm bout to take off
I'm the new pilot in this bitch
And I ain't bring no extra baggage for this trip
But I do bring a terror like I hate America
A brand new camera and a parachute
Nigga, you and I are not the same, we not parallel
Don't talk to me 'fore I fucking embarrass you
Now sit your ass down, you doing three much
I'm the captain on this bitch, don't get it fucked up
Or you'll get fucked up

I'm so far ahead of you niggas, I'm in the future
Y'all don't even know about my existence, it's like I'm dead to you niggas
I'm saying (I'm saying I'm dead to y'all niggas)
Look, y'all be on the stupid shit
I'm the fucking pilot, your goal is to be the stewardess
I'm the fucking bomb like I was stuffing my shoe with it
The boy's a fucking problem like turbulence boy, get used to it
If anything happens, it's one door
'Cause if I see a building, motherfucker, we're done for
I'ma hit a couple of 'em up, this is parkour
Better call your family and give 'em your last wishes, nigga
And every line dirty, you thought that I dug ditches
But I never give a fuck, it's like I was born dickless

I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Til' there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Til' there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash

[Tyler, The Creator, Syd:]
(I don't wanna crash)
I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah, uh
(And it's okay if I fall, I just wanna fly)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah, uh
(The wind's getting high, I don't wanna crash)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
(And it's okay if I fall, I just wanna fly)
It's kinda weird
(The wind is getting high)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, look (Say what?)
(Oh, yeah, yeah)

[Tyler, the Creator:]
I'm tryna find a place, a place where I can land at
A place where I can be with no alphabet
Dictating where to stand at
You can buy a car, you can buy many things
You can buy happiness, but you can't buy wings
You can buy a parachute, you can buy a parrot
But you can't buy a pair of wings, aerodynamic
To stay cloud level
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach (Fucked up)
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
It's just crazy how you can have everything in the world, but
You in first class but you feel like coach, damn
That's why I'm in first class, but I feel like coach

I don't wanna—

// RUN //

[ScHoolboy Q:]
Fuck you running for, nigga?
Ayy, nigga, come here, nigga
Let me try that hat on
I told you come over here, stupid bitch
Come over here with that weak ass hat

[Tyler, The Creator:]
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life, took the lame route
Going nowhere fast, but you think that you not
'Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh, you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well, I hope you understand you ain't shit, nigga
'Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang's out to get you, but you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey, man, at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" 'cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For approval, boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chain out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon' eat you
They got a homie called Karma, he gon' meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga

[ScHoolboy Q & Toro y Moi:]
I'm runnin', I'm runnin', I'm runnin'
That's the shit I be talkin' 'bout, though (I'm runnin', I'm runnin')
We ain't tryna hear that shit, my nigga (I'm runnin')
Cuz, stay preachy, cuz (I'm runnin')
Like, nigga, come on, homie (I'm runnin')
I don't wanna hear that shit
Preachy shit, my nigga
Yeah, we all black, who give a fuck, cuz?
I'm runnin', I'm runnin', I'm runnin'
I don't give a fuck, nigga
Whatchu mean?

// FIND YOUR WINGS //

Find your wings (You're supposed to fly)
Find your wings (find your wings)
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta
Find your wings (fly)
Find your wings (find your wings)

My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy

We can go down to the rainbows
Don't let your high keep your brain low
You're a bird
You're supposed to fly away
The way you stand there
Don't let your wings go to waste (go to waste)
The sky is your home, be free
Be free

// CHERRY BOMB //

[Tyler, The Creator:]
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know what it mean
It means something

Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good?
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need nobody else nose to win
Look, I am a God
Nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don't create, you just repeat
Nigga, you don't got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat

Come and light my fire
I'll blow your fucking face off
Nigga, I'm the goddamn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it

(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Tie the knot (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Kick the chair (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Float in the air (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's cherry bomb

You motherfuckers want war? Then come get it
You motherfuckers don't really want it
You motherfuckers want war and I want more
Nigga, fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckers wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let's take 'em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your Rolex, nigga
Don't compare him to mine, 'cause I don't know that nigga

Come and light my fire
I'll blow your fucking face off
Nigga, I'm the goddamn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it

(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Tie the knot (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Kick the chair (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Float in the air (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's cherry bomb

You motherfuckers want war?
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry—

[Syd, Tyler, The Creator]
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
I'm ready to blow, don't fire me up (I lose control)
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker, firecracker, firecracker (I lose control)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I lose co—)
Yeah

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
"GOLF 191, Okaga! Playing only classic hits!"

// BLOW MY LOAD //

[Tyler, The Creator:]
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl, I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like four times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be pissin'
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first

I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

Your pussy tighter than door hinges, I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
We fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating
I leave you slumped in the back of my truck, butt naked
Suck it out of me, I leave you with nuttin', get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for

I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

[Syd & Tyler, The Creator:]
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb

[Shane Powers:]
That was new music from the soundtrack of the upcoming film
F-
Be caller eight to win tickets to the triple feature at the Moon Theatres tonight
Three back to back to back movies at the Moon Theatres tonight
Be the eighth caller, only on Golf Radio
G-O-L-F, G-O-L-F, it's Golf Radio

// 2SEATER //

We can speed in my two-seater
Girl, I got a two-seater
Speed in my two-seater
In my two-seater

About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see, my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And if I crash, I'm owing wheels like I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick or automatic, you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is AM
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
No AMG, it's M, boy, I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty, don't care if you scratching rims again

We can speed in my two-seater
Girl, I got a two-seater
Speed in my two-seater
In my two-seater

Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, 'cause you driving me wild
Girl, I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes, it's too much
And you can feel the beat in my heart
Girl, I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes, it's too much

Yeah
I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers and shottas
And fucking shoot at your Honda, then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonald's
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas, if you flex, then they swarm
They cashing so many checks, they're calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September
Boy, I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
'Cause I killed the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in
Give it 'til he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit, I'm killin' it
Fuck!

Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade (Fade)
And we would go skate on them concrete waves (Waves)
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted, boy, my board's in the trunk (Skate!)

Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
'Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair

Blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrrting on these niggas
Skrrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrrting on these niggas
Skrrting on these bitches

You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
(It blows me away)
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good

Yeah, man, what's good, man? You good? I've been-
I've been chilling, man, I've been doing some push-ups and shit for real?
You know, fifty a day
Oh, w-w-wait... is that that nigga, Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass, nigga, here he come to me, man
Fuck this nigga, man, this- this nigga stink
Wait, be quiet, be quiet
'Ight
My nigga, T, man! What's good, man? You good?
Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ayy, man, I see you with your little girl, she- she looks... okay
Alright, y'all good, man, alright!
Ayy, your feature don't start for another twenty minutes
So you can go get your shit up, I can get y'all some shit
And I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, man, let me know if you need anything
I got you, just- you know... yeah
Alright, um...yeah, we'll probably walk around
And come back when the movie start or whenever
Ight, man, I'ma see you
Ight, my nigga... ight
Fucking faggot, man! I swear to God!
Yeah
Haha, this nigga bitch weak too!
Haha, yeah, she is
Goddammit! I'd still fuck!

// THE BROWN STAINS OF DARKEESE LATIFAH PART 6-12 (REMIX) //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando, selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I looked in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree" 
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o

Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat just like the kick and the snare (Ayo)
ScHoolyboy is my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy not that bad, eh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, and the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We blackout, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man (What?)
Been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to a Dodger
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem (A problem)
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin (Yeah)
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo (Yeah, uh)
Brent Lowe, mind motherfuckin' been gone
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow (Nigga)

Don't get offended, love being darkskinned-ed
Twenty-three with a crib, and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw (Skrrr), Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals (Yeah, nigga!)
 Boy, I'm a sicko, Flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that (Damn)
(Man, he- he really took the store)

[ScHoolboy Q:]
Crack a cracker with a barrel, uh (Yeah)
Gang bang tattoos, this ain't a Louis rag (Rag)
Orange Paisley got me crip crazy (Uh, what's up, cuz?)
Pants heavy, sag to the left with the belt strapped (Strapped)
No face mask, nigga, just toe tags (Bah, bah, bah!)
Still, the blunts getting passed, yeah (Bah!)
Ain't worried 'bout no niggas (Nigga)
I don't grieve over suckers (Suckers)
Gunpowder on my knuckles (Knuckle)
Call the ambulances (Ambulances)
I'm from the era of crip walking (Walking)
You was clown-dancing (Yeah)
You wanna be me, huh? (Huh?)
Cuz is wack in his raps and what he rap, he ain't done (Whoa)
It's Top Dawg, Wolf Gang, smell the cat on your tongue (Yeah)
Pussyboy, you fucked over, nigga, control your gums (Uh)
Teeth missing, moms' won't recognize your face when it's lump, woo
My square homie's license, double life in my trunk (Woo)
Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs (Nigga)
Got a strike on my record, double cups, and duck (Yeah, yeah)
You want the life like us, you need to crip that coast (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You want to steer that wheel, you want to smoke that kill (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Well, who am I?

// FUCKING YOUNG / PERFECT //

[Part 1: Fucking Young]

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Day that I met you, girl
I knew that it was something special
But I couldn't put my finger on it (Fuck, I can't sing, whatever, look)
We met through mutual friends (Mutual friends)
And this is where the story and confusion began
'Cause I was at nirvana but I had to pretend that I wasn't

There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause

[Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator:]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love

[Tyler, The Creator:]
A six-year (Difference)
Is a ten year (Sentence)
And with the (Pigment) on my skin
I don't want to be another (Statistic)
You bring me (Joy, joy, joy, joy)
And you fill a void that was once missing
And (I can say I'm in love)

There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause

[Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator:]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love

[Tyler, The Creator:]
When you're 35, I'll be 41, and when I'm 27, you'll be 21
Yo, this is dumb, and when that time comes for that 1-8
I'll probably run, 'cause I'm fucking terrified
Yo this is dumb, you should find someone else
I'm not the one for you, shit, I'm still growing up by myself
And mentally you're older than me and that shit doesn't help
'Cause if they see you with T, they'll think T needs some help
So when you mention "hang," I'm thinking about a tree and a belt
And I don't want no relation, shit no relation
Ship when my dick is longer than my attention-
Span, it's gonna suck if shit, hits that kitchen fan
And splatter on me like my dick in my hand
What? I'm still fucking off, not good at ducking off
Because I found a goose that I like, but I'm still running off
She gon' want a nest, that's why I cannot get fucking caught
That's a scary word, you could save that shit for the birds, um
But I found my wings, fuck

(But you're too fucking young)
I really like you
I don't know what to do
(And when temptation calls, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young)
Funny thing about this is
By the time you hear this
It won't even matter
I'll be in the clear, haha
It's T and Uncle Charlie!
But you're too young
But you're too young
But you're too young

[Part 2: Perfect]

[Kali Uchis:]
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared (I know)

[Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator:]
I know that there could be
Somethin' for you and me
What's your philosophy?
You're scared, scared
And I'll exit and wait a while
Just say the word girl
Can't you see the answers are all there
But I'm just too blind to see
You and I are cut from different fabric
I wanna rock, I wanna rock with you girl
Don't be too material to see
But I'm just too blind to see
Somehow, this world is such a struggle just to be
Fuck 'em all baby, it's just you and me

[Tyler, The Creator:]
But you're too fuckin' young
And girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
Fuck, 'cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one
That you're the one, for me
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me, yeah

I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)

// SMUCKERS //

[Part I]

[Tyler, The Creator:]
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
Nigga

Money, money, money, money, money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me, nigga, you not important
I'm focused (Two, three, four)
Bring in the horns

[Tyler, The Creator & Kanye West:]
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkins a faggot, please come and get me (Two, three, four)
Said I suckin' at your neck, like a hickey, boy, I'm sicky (Two, three, four)
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, why they called me a demon (Yeah)
And a terrorist? Goddamn it, I couldn't believe it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber (Two, three, four)
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nigger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack, and fuck your Snapchat (Man...)
Cherry Bomb the greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound (Two, three, four)
And that shit gon' pop just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop, gas 'em up, thick exhaust (Woo)
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves (Two, three, four)
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes (Why, oh, why don't they like me? They don't like me, oh)
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
And when we ate, it was the steaks, now our section is great (Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, don't they like me?)
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my nigga, pass 'em a plate
'Ye!

[Kanye West:]
Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me? (Two, three, four)
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks (Two, three, four)
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike

[Kanye West & Tyler, The Creator:]
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas (Two, three, four)
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin' (Two, three, four)
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin' (Yeah)
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me (Two, three, four)
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em (Two, three, four)
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite of somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?" Yeah, my nigga (Two, three, four)
It's on, it's on, it's on, it's on (Two, three, four)
I know they told they white daughters, "Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype (Woo)
I am the light and the beacon; you can ask the deacon (Ask the deacon)
It's funny, when you get extra money (Two, three, four)
Every joke you tell just be extra funny (Yeah, yeah)
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny (Two, three, four)
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me (Woo) (Two, three, four)
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck
Hold up (Skrrt!)
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level (Two, three, four)
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin' God (Two, three, four)
He said, "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard", uh (Woo)

[Tyler, The Creator:]
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks, got a trampoline in my room
Damn (Two, three, four)

[Part II]

[Tyler, The Creator & Lil Wayne:]
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted, I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
Hold your fuckin' ponies, my homie
I'll whip your donkey by my lonely, I eat pussy like Shoney's, yeah
It's Tunechi, homie, Master of Ceremonies
I knock 'em down, Domino effect, no pepperoni, I swear(Yeah)
It's them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys (Yeah)
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But it's the two-thou' and (Yeah)
The one-four and the one-five, yo, what up, Wayne?
What up, Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before came
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah), that's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause, nigga, I'm a god, a divine one; Tune! (Two, three, four)
My trigger finger wise, but my 9 dumb (Yeah)
Middle finger blind, so it's fuck A-N-Y-one (Um)
Fuck, skate, and die son, a hundred ways to die, son
I'm starin' at a tramp on lean, make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks, wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rollie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy buddy
Ye, we hittin' models like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel (Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling (Two, three, four)
Boy, let's get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas, I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us, maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys 'cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot, ugh! Son, you need Jesus
But I heard he left Sunset to go on tour with Yeezus (That's too harsh)
Well, I'm prayin' for the new Yeezys
And you pussies prayin' that we squash the beef like zucchini
I know, it ain't gain, nor fame, nor tame
Or lame, nor strange, nah, faggot, it's Golf Wang

// KEEP DA O'S //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"

[Pharrell Williams:]
Look, UFO, bow, land
Skrr landed on the ass and
Adidas leaf in the grassland
My finger got a yellow Pac-Man
Blow your purple, go in circles, so inertia
Go reverse it, no rehearsin', gold is perfect
Open curtain, flow inversion, golden person
Yeah I'm nerdy, yeah I'm swerving
Yeah you heard me

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"

Your garden is full from raking these hoes
A handful of green and a couple of stones
Your lawn mower's foreign, you rent you a home
But nigga, how much of that shit do you own? (Uh)
See me, I don't compromise
I know my accomplishments
Fuck all yo compliments
Bitch, I got confidence
I don't need your approval, my nigga you suck
I do not have to adjust to stunt
Don't talk don't jump don't cheer bitch shut the fuck up
You're speedin' and gleamin' and stuntin' so Evel Knievel
You beaming and circle in Bimmers you hoping them niggas'll see it
Results may vary, my chain, it's not too heavy
I'll rather pedal smooth on my bike than to crash in that Bugatti
But back to the garden, niggas gone do you dirty
Already started, killing your flowers
It seems impossible, it's the new slave apocalypse, so sad and obvious that
All y'all stupid niggas got the whips and no drive

Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's

Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's (Keep the O's)
Cause you never know when it's over
You want the doors that go up
You want the girls with the big butts
You want the diamonds, you want the stones
You gotta stunt on these niggas
Stunt on these niggas one time
Find your wings
Find your wings
Find your wings
And fly
Cause you'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly (learn)
Let me tell you what I want you to do
What I want you to do
You'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly
(Learn)
Keep the O's

I'm rapping about diamonds, and cars, and money now
What the fuck has gotten into me, man

// OKAGA, CA //

[Tyler, The Creator]
Let's just run away from here ('Cause it's not, 'cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear ('Cause It's not, 'cause it's not)
What you really want, girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But I try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)

Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me

Let's move to California, right now (Pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (Take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
When you rub my hands switching fifth gear (Wait)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (Forget about it baby)
'Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (We're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, 'cause it's cold (Leave your crew, bring your coat)

Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (Oh)

[Alice Smith & Leon Ware:]
Don't you wanna go, girl
Let's go, let's go, right now
I think I believe you (Let me show you how girl)
It's nice that I need to (Whoa, right now)
The earth is so rough I'm not calling your bluff
What, what, what (She would love that)
I think I believe you, take me higher (Know the way)
Let's make our way over to the Okaga cave
Today (today), there we will stay, (Yes)
Play it cool now, X-Y-Z how?
Welcome me in, then we'll begin

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fast wind, slow wind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy
Oh, laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sipping on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
'Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah

[Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator:]
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah (Let's go!)
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
(Watch this) Let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah
(Favorite director)
(Gonna be good)
Come on, baby
What you wanna do?
(I'm happy you came)
(I really like you)

[Alice Smith, Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator:]
Take me away
Fuck what they say (Okaga, California!)
To another place
Another day (Okaga, California!)
We in outer space
We'll waste our days (Okaga, California!)
Sade, Sade, Sade, Sade
Oh, right now (Okaga, California!)
Yes!
Let's go to the moon (Yes!)
Alright alright let me do it, hold up, shhh
It's about to start

// Yellow //

Now when I first saw you
I could tell you was the one
That I've been searchin' for
I needed somethin' that was like the sun
Now all my flowers grow
Right now my life, it blooms, baby

You're my favorite color, my favorite color
My favorite color's you
It's like the endless summer, endless summer
It never ends with you
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow

// Special //

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level above of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card

I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga

They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'ma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind but who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We O-K-K-K just like the clan hoodie
Golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I gotta to tear the shit out of this goddamn house
I think that I'ma blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga

