Album: FlowerBoy

// Foreword //

Bitch, fuck! (Uh, uh, fuck)
You have a question?

[Tyler, The Creator:]
How many cars can I buy 'til I run outta drive?
How much drive can I have until I run outta road?
How much road can they pave until I run outta land?
How much land can it be until I run in the ocean?
Niggas go with the motions and all the plans
See, I was never into the beaches and all the sands
See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows, and posies
Fallin' outta my pocket, but y'all want to know if I swam to cool down
How much cooler can I get until I run out of fans?
How many fans can I have until they turn on the AC?
If the AC blow up, well then I'm TNT, I'm gone

[Rex Orange County:]
I'm gone and I'm finished
And I ain't seen my friends in a minute
Guessing nothing lasts forever
Yeah, nothing lasts forever
Nothing sticks together
Sick of sitting in doubt
Please let me figure this out, out

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Shout out to the girls that I led on
For occasional head and always keepin' my bed warm
And tryin' their hardest to keep my head on straight
And keepin' me up enough 'til I had thought I was airborne
How many raps can I write 'til I get me a chain?
How many chains can I wear 'til I'm considered a slave?
How many slaves can it be 'til Nat Turner arise?
How many riots can it be until them Black lives matter?
Niggas click-clack splatter, (Pew) pew that nigga
Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga
'Cause if that cop got trigger, he better pull (Yeah)
'Cause when I get pulled over, I usually play it cool (Skrt)
'Cause I know what I'm drivin' is usually paid in full
And my ego and possessions, will not let me be one (Nah)
Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms
Them rooms got some windows and my windows got some views (Yup)
Them views get some stares and my backyard does too
And if you walk to the bottom you'll prolly see a pool
You better not drown, keep them ten toes up
'Cause if them ten toes down, that mean that you fucked up
And that's what I swim in

[Rex Orange County:]
And if I drown and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I crash and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I fall and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
I'm wondering if I don't come back
Maybe then I'll know
Don't come back
Don't come back
Ayy, don't come back
Don't come back
No, no

// Where This Flower Blooms //

[Tyler the Creator:]
Ayo
Let's take it back to them days
Counting sheep on Sadie Hannah's floor
Carpet was my baby mama
80 dollar profit from the coffee I poured
Rent-A-Center calling everyday
Nobody home, they're knocking on the door
Now I skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt (Skrrt!)
In toys I only dreamed that I could afford
Now I roll through Okaga

[Frank Ocean & Tyler the Creator:]
I ride to California (Yeah)
These frog oval goggles
I'm leanin' out the window
OJ shinin' on me (Oh, ooh)
Simp sun shinin' on me (ayy, yeah)
Slick circles float roll
Out this world
Yeah, yeah

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Run it, run it, run it, run it
I rock, I roll, I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (What you say?), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (Let 'em know), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (One more time), I bloom, I grow
(Let's go!)

Ain't nobody fucking with T, but that just may be my ego
But don't be too cool, you might freeze
Because niggas get stuck in the cold (Man, look at this ice)
Shit weighs a ton
Water your garden, my nigga (Stunt on these niggas!)
Tell these black kids they could be who they are
Dye your hair blue, shit, I'll do it too (What the fuck?)
Look, I smell like Chanel
I never mall grip with my manicured nails
I coconut oil the skin
I keep the top low 'cause the follicles thinnin'
But other than that, man, it feels like I'm winning (I'm winnin', nigga)
Went from statistic to millionaire
CNN doubted 'cause my skin is dark
Then they forget when I get in my car

[Frank Ocean:]
These frog oval goggles
I'm leanin' out the window
OJ shinin' on me (Oh, ooh)
Simp sun shinin' on me
Slick circles roll float
Out this world
Yeah, yeah
Run it, run it, run it, yeah
(Ohh, ohh!)

[Tyler, The Creator:]
I glow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (What you say?), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (Let 'em know), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (One more time), I bloom, I—
(Let's go!)

Flower boy T, nigga, that's me
Rooted from the bottom, bloomed into a tree
Took a lil' while, nigga makin' leaves
Keep it in my branches so my family can eat
Favorite color green, energy is skrong
Giving niggas life, birdies and the beez
Droppin' them seeds, not what you want
You don't know what I keep in the trunk

Ah, shit!

Ahh, ahh
Ahh
Run it, run it, run it, run it
Run it
Run it
Run it

// Sometimes... //

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Sometimes, I sit in my room and think about us

[Shane Powers:]
"It's Golf Radio, you're on the air with Shane Powers
Taking requests... Uh, What's uh, pick that one... What's uh... What's your name? Hello? Um, okay, well, since you want to be Mr. Fucking-Secret-Agent, what song you wanna hear?"

[Wyatt Navarro:]
The one about me

// See You Again //

[Cool:]
Okay, okay, okay, we do a little bit of trolling

[Tyler, The Creator]
You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state
Any time I count sheep
That's the only time we make up, make up
You exist behind my eyelids, my eyelids
Now, I don't wanna wake up

[Tyler, The Creator:]
20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, Cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes (Uh-huh)

[Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator:]
Can I get a kiss?
And can you make it last forever?
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (Uh-huh)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (I'm 'bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Ugh, switch it up

[Tyler, The Creator:]
I said, okay, okay, okay, okey-dokey, my infatuation
Is translating to another form of what you call it? (Love)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I ain't met you, I've been looking
Stop the waiting 'fore I stop the chasing, like an alcoholic
"You don't understand me"—what the fuck do you mean?
It's them rose-tinted cheeks, yeah, it's them dirt-colored eyes
Sugar-honey iced tea, bumblebee on the scene
Yeah, I'd give up my bakery to have a piece of your pie
Ugh!

20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
So

[Kali Uchis:]
Can I get a kiss? (Can I get a kiss?)
And can you make it last forever? (Make it last forever)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to go to war)
I don't know if I'ma see you again (See you again)
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again

[Tyler, The Creator & Kali Uchis:]
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la la)
One more time?

// Who Dat Boy //

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is?
Him that ni-gga, I swear
Stand out guy, him don't need no chair
Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here
I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just
Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist
You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet
And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit
Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin
Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt
The boy drips swag like a broken faucet
It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit
That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston
Won't stop 'til the cops surround him
One nigga jiggy and the other awesome
With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him
It's Young T

[Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky:]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that?
Nigga, who dem boys?

[A$AP Rocky:]
Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is?
Who else step in this bitch this jig?
Who else your bitch say got a bick this big?
Who else came through with a wrist this flick?
Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance
Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass
Never seen a nigga in this much Raf
Still doin' math when I miss my class
Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine
Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince
Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman
Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time
Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass
Senior citizen, don't forget my pass
Been that nigga and you knew that there
Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?

[Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky:]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?

Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet
From my other fuckin' business ventures
These niggas these days
Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah)
Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas
He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive
(Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention
WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas
Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío
I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo
My mom say she worried because I'm so ill
I should stay in bed, but got too much bread
To make, she said watch my weight
So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals
Get out of my way güey, boy, that's McLaren
That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Oh, fuck

// Pothole //

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Shit

My mother warned me that some niggas ain't my right hand
To trust her, only my heart and that elder white man
His name is Clancy, I fancy him, gotta give him props
He half the reason why dealerships even let me cop
So now I'm speedin' and tryna drive away from the fact
That she was right, so I triple left, tryna double back
The streets are filled with some clues like how I ain't notice that? (Hey, how I ain't see that?)
Fuck it, I seen some familiar stuck in the cul-de-sac
I pull up, get out, what up? I wanna help
But what you want for some, some niggas
Really don't want for themself
Now do I stay? Do I go? That's my dilemma
And traffic is picking up, if I don't leave I'ma get stuck (Skrt)
So I speed off, we talk barely and it seems awkward
And I heard through some words that you're off it
I got too much drive, don't wanna steer off path
And crash and get distracted
But I listen to that weather man 'cause it might rain
Keep my windshield wipers prepared
'Cause y'all throw so much shade (So much)
And I got jacket in trunk, but that's in the front
I also got power for both of us if you're ever in need of jump
Just let me know, my nigga

[Jaden Smith & Tyler, the Creator:]
I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Snakes in the grass, but I walk
I got some new boots, on the back it says GOLF
So I be prepared for their bites, they're all talk
I left the condom in the grass so fuck off
Watchin' Clarence in a mansion with nobody in it
Young successful nigga, ride McLaren with no windows tinted
I drive by piggies when I'm in it 'cause it feels amazin'
The irony is I stopped eatin' bacon
Don't get it twisted, nigga, I'm still hungry, oh he lonely
All my friends talk about their hoes and tenderonies
But all I can show 'em is a couple cars and more things
That I've made in the couple past month, he's on, please
Everyone is a sheep, me, a lone wolf
Nobody gon' make a peep 'cause everyone wants some wool
Since everyone is a sheep, not everyone here is cool
Man I'd rather drown in a pool by myself
Than fuck with their fleece
See, man, T-Man fans be seesaw
Wind blows, they go, which way, who knows?
One day, "Fuck no," the next day, "Okay"
But fuck y'all, I know that T is four for four
I just want that garden and that Batmobile
Good health, success, time on earth worthwhile
Find somebody who love me and raise a couple of lizards
But my vehicle's good for now, that's in a couple of miles
Now keep it pushin', nigga

[Jaden Smith & Tyler, the Creator:]
I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrrrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Fuck, okay, next one
Do-do-do-do-do-do
Gotta watch out for the potholes
Ooh, said watch out for the potholes
Haha

// Garden Shed //

[Estelle:]
Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

[Tyler, The Creator:]
You don't have to hide
I can smell it in your eyes
That there's something more to say, baby
Them words
Damn, run me back, yeah

[Estelle & Tyler, The Creator:]
If I could, if I could
If you could
Find the words to say
Find the words to say
Find the words
In the garden
Shed
Go

[Estelle:]
Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Ayo
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
For the garden
That is where I was hidin'
That was real love I was in
Ain't no reason to pretend
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
Garden shed for the garçons
Them feelings that I was guardin'
Heavy on my mind
All my friends lost
They couldn't read the signs
I didn't wanna talk and tell 'em my location
And they ain't wanna walk
Truth is, since a youth kid, thought it was a phase
Thought it'd be like the phrase; "poof," gone
But, it's still goin' on
Big fan of the beige tan
Polka dot nose, how it goes
Had to keep it on the subwoofer
A couple butterflies wanna float
But I was always like, "Eh"
Barely interested, but bagged just to brag to my boys like, "Bruh"
This is a crucial subject matter
Sensitive like cookin' batter
'Til the temperature that's risin'
Steppin' on that ladder, tryna
Grab the rings of Saturn, I'ma
Planet by the time you hear this
Shit and chatter 'bout the heat
It will not fuckin' matter

// Boredom //

[Rex Orange County & Corinne Bailey Rae:]
When you're having fun, fun
(Time flies, time flies, time flies)
When you're having fun (Time flies)
Out the window (It goes, goes, goes)

[Rex Orange County & Anna of the North:]
Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time, find some time to do something
Ah

Boredom got a new best friend
(Boredom, boredom, best friend)
'Cause boredom got a new best friend (Oh, oh, oh)
Boredom got a new best friend
Na-na-na, na-na-na, oh-na-na-na
Oh, oh, oh

Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time (Find some time, oh)

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Boredom, boredom, boredom, boredom
Boredom, boredom, boredom
Boy, my bedroom floor is a cereal burial, I'm serious
I ate 'em all, dry boxes, bodies, yeah I caught 'em
If we're talkin' 'bout real meals, ask my stomach, he ain't saw 'em
I've been in this fuckin' room so long
My eyeballs are turning to drywall
My friends suck, fuck 'em, I'm over 'em
"Hi y'all, y'all ain't hit me all-day
What the fuck is the problem? Is it me?
'Cause I'm not solved, I'm... bored"

[Rex Orange County & Anna of the North:]
Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time, find some time to do something
(Oh)

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Bored and getting desperate as hell
(Desperate, using, texting, amusing)
Cellular not amusing and I hope someone will
Message me with some plans that are amusing as well
'Cause I haven't seen the exit of these walls since before this morning
Morning, morning, morning, morning
(Morning, oh, what the fuck?)
Got some cars I can handle but nowhere for performance
My stomach angry and yellin', I need some food, I could order
But I hate eating solo
Need someone, we can loiter in parking lots
As sunsets at the border, yeah
Ringy dingy dong, I can't be alone
I been starting to feel like I don't know anyone
So now I'm staring at my ceiling fuckin' blowing
Like I have no idea where I'm going
Tick tock
(Damn, gotta get outta here)

[Rex Orange County, Anna of the North and Tyler, the Creator:]
Find some time, find some time to do something
(Hey, can y'all help me right quick?)
Find some time, find some time to do something
Find some time, find some time to do something (Tick tock)
(Ti-ti-tick tock) (Oh)

[Tyler, the Creator & Anna of the North:]
'Cause boredom got a new best friend
Tick tock
Boredom got a new best friend
'Cause boredom got a new best friend
Tick tock

[Rex Orange County:]
Find some time, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time

[Shane Powers:]
"Ride's over, we got some tickets to see s-"

// I Ain't Got Time! //

Right now we got some new music only here on Golf Radio!
(God I love this sample)
We're going to dance
And exercise
And have some fun

I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a water hose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

Boy, I need a Kleenex
How I got this far? Boy, I can't believe it
That I got this car, so I take the scenic
Passenger a white boy, look like River Phoenix
First, happy birthday!
You bitch-ass nigga, yup, I'm thirsty
Them little shots that you threw, they ain't hurt me
I ain't fuck with your bitch-ass in the first place

I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a water hose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

Nat Turner would be so proud of me
'Cause all these motherfuckers got they style from me
I bet they all looking from the crowd at me
And if I ask them, they would bow at me
But you're a house nigga, so you don't know
How that shit go, with my big lips and my big nose
And my big dick and my short hair
'Cause you already know how slow my shit grow

(Hey)
Tick, tock
Tick, tock (Uh)
Tick, tock
Tick, tock (Yeah)
Tick, tock
Tick, tock (Ayo)
Tick, tock
Tick, tock

Been the man with a pickle plan, niggas know the dill
When I sell the carnival, I bet I get a 100 mil' (Hey)
Next line will have 'em like "whoa"
I've been kissing white boys since 2004
One me, two feet, three M's
Four, five, six years ago sucked
Seven figure conversations with Converse finalized
'Cause Vans fucked up
I'ma read commas, you gon' leave comments
Saying what I shoulda did, but you ain't did nada
You ain't important
I'ma keep sporting
All smiles over here
Shout out to The Garden
(Tick-tock)
(And that's a fact boy!)
And I just handle all my business like a chessboard
(Tick tock, tick, tock)
And at them Golf boys? That's my motherfucking set, boy
Hard pill to swallow like some thick soda
Walk weird 'cause my pockets look like thick Yoda
With a Skywalker, riding 'round solar
Anakin skin Sprite, and my tint cola
Getting neck from a broad like some big shoulders
Till I bust like that 9 in ya heat holster
Everything I say is hot, bitch I speak toaster
And the bread orthodox like I eat kosher
Shout out to (shhh) they gave a big loaf of
Green bread, got me chilling like a clean sofa
What's that thick odor?
Young Millie T
A young, focused black boy, oh silly me
(I ain't got time!)

Better talk shit
'Cause I'm either in my Cons or my Golf shit
Pants got a lil flood, nigga pipe down
I'm Lil Boosie, Lil Boosie, way I wipe down
(Boy, I ain't got time!) Yeah, right now
'Cause niggas dying every day and I ain't light brown
And i-D ain't wanna give a nigga no post
So I went and did a 12-page spread in Vogue
(Nigga I ain't got time!)

Listen, man, I'm that boy
All you little niggas clones
Boy I fill that void
You better kill that noise
Turn around and remap route
When they see that boy with them big ears and that gap tooth
Tick, tock
Bitch
Tick, tock
Tick, tock
Cause I ain't got ti-
Sugar
Oh!
You're so sweet
Fuck?
They should call you sugar
'Cause you're so s-
Hello?

// 911 / Mr. Lonely //

[Part I: 911]

[Tyler, The Creator:]
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)

Aw, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold-out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

[Steve Lacy, Anna of the North & Tyler, The Creator:]
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

[Tyler, The Creator & Anna of the North:]
Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)

[Frank Ocean:]
Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the nightline
Work line
Dial nine

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911

[Part II: Mr. Lonely]

[A$AP Rocky, ScHoolboy Q, Lionel & Tyler, The Creator:]
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely

[Tyler, The Creator:]
They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (That's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely (Woo)
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony (Woo)
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
My heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh (Hahaha)
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (Skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void (Void)
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (Ohh, woo)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes (Nah)
Like a vasectomy, what have I done? (Ohh)
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (Who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (Who)
The loneliest of them all (Me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit (-Posit)
Check in on me sometime (Okay)
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

[Jasper:]
Ohh!
Ohh shit!
Fuck!
Ohh!
Shit!
Ohh!
Damn! Damn!

// Droppin' Seeds //

[Lil Wayne:]
Mula!

Like Adam in the Garden of Eve
My bitch got an apple bottom and she swallow my seeds
Follow my lead, fire I breathe, water my seed
And sit back and watch money grow on trees
Droppin' seeds like classes, these hoes drop they asses
I drop a seed in her panties if it smell like pansies
I'm a banshee in her panties, nigga, ask your mammy
Never played golf, but got a driver and a Caddy
Whole squad slammin' like Onyx, you know Sticky Fingaz
Some drop science, I'm droppin' English
Even if Tyler named the song "Flower"
No seeds in the bud, still don't trust bugs
I'm down

[Tyler, The Creator & Lil Wayne:]
Droppin' seeds on these niggas, they can't fuck with the boy (Mula!)
I'm droppin' seeds on these bitches for the love of the sport
I'm droppin' seeds, got this garden, flowers poppin' of course
I'm droppin' seeds, motherfucker, Weezy Baby the boy, yugh!

// November //

Say some more, never want to talk about it
Feel a way, whoa
Feel a way, whoa
Feel a way, November

Take me back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, wassup
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

Ayo, What if Clancy fuckin' me over?
What if "Who Dat Boy" is rhetorical and this shit is over?
What if I'm hustling backwards?
What if my accountant ain't payin' my taxes, fillin' his pockets?
And IRS show up asking me questions I couldn't answer
'Cause I was too busy tryna make classics
Boy ain't got no motherfucking classics
What if my music too weird for the masses?
And I'm only known for tweets more than beats or
All my day-ones turn to three, fours 'cause of track seven
Fuck, what if I get stuck?
What if I got comfortable? I gotta keep it buck-fifty
What if I lost it all and ended up back in Ladera
At them shitty apartments that's across from Bank of America?
Damn, I would be hurtin'
Writing all of these songs 'cause Wi-Fi wasn't working (Nah)
Last year, in total, I put out two verses
But five-seven figures since then, life's kinda perfect
Oh, is it really? Oh, is it really? Bitch, you know the dealy
Really hilly willy tilly silly, hold that billy, how I Milly Rock
When they can't relate him, when they start to hate him
They don't drive these cars, so what's their ultimatum?
Tell me, what's your November? Is it a person?
Mine was the summer, '06, I remember the... (horn)
What if I thought the brake was the gas? What if I crashed?
What if these deep thoughts was my last? Let me pull over, quick

And drive back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, what's up?
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

[Jasper Dolphin, Taco, Kilo Kish, Christian Clancy, Syd, Lionel, Vince Staples, Julian Conesugra:]
My November was those Odd Future Sundays, where we used to just skate all day
My November, and I was performing and Lil Wayne rapped with me, I think I cried that night
My November was awesome, I booked my first feature film
My November was when I was gifted this Getz and Gilberto album
My November was seeing Erykah Badu perform
My November was... my brother took me to my first concert ever, which was to Kanye West's "Glow in the Dark..."
My November was summer 2015 when I fell in love with someone who fucked my whole world up, showed me life through a different
2014, Miami 43rd Street, every day was November

[Tyler, The Creator & Vince Staples:]
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
I ain't doin' fine, lost my mothafuckin' mind
Time travel back and help me find
Take me back, take me back to November, this I know
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back to November, this I kn—
"My November is right now"

I wrote a song about you, I want your opinion
Opposite of my heart rate, it slows down at the ending
'Cause the love I got for you has exceeded appearance
The lyrics are—
Matter of fact, I'ma just call you, so you can hear it
If you do answer, I'll play it to state facts
Although I already know the response you gon' say back
At that point I'll hang up, disappear and just stay back
And if you don't I'll leave a voicemail with the playback

Hello, no one is available to take your call
Please leave a message after the tone

// Glitter //

Da na na na na, da na na na na
Da na na na na, my baby
You've been on my mind (How ya feel?)
I'm losing my mind because
I hope that we can be more than just friends

Fireworks, I feel like glitter
And every time you come around, I feel like glitter (How ya feel?)
You're the one that I needed in my life (How ya feel?)
You're the one that I needed in my life

Ayo, mirror mirror on the wall, who the brightest of them all?
I never been the darkest one 'cause my self esteem is tall
So I never seen eye-to-eye with y'all niggas, ayo
Uno peso, never paid attention to what niggas gotta say-o
So I keep that buck, I ain't give no fuck
They ain't build me up so I block 'em like Lego
Feelin' glitter, feelin' good and great
Got the burner, got the heat, like wait
Got the shit, it's all up on that hip
I'll use it on myself on the day you dip
Got that 4, 5, 7, track 8 for me
Baby doll, I hope you agree
Because you light my

Fireworks, I feel like glitter (I don't even know what that means)
And every time you come around, I feel like glitter
(How ya feel?) You're the one that I needed in my life
(How ya feel?) You're the one that I needed in my life
'Cause I love having you around (I love)
'Cause I love having you around

Yeah, look at my face, look at that joy
This is one sided, yeah, I can't lie
We ain't gon' work out, we a fat boy
Yeah, sumo, got it, memo
Pale skin see-through, must be a window
'Cause you ain't an L, could be a DJ
When I see you, my heart beat changes tempo
Yeah, simple, that's what I want but I can't
That's who you are but I ain't (How ya feel?)
We can track 10 skiptrace, I'm caught in your quicksand, wait
Please don't save me

Ooooh
(Please don't save me, yeah)
How ya feel?
(Rose tinted cheeks)
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
How ya feel?

We didn't get your message, either because you were not speaking or because of a bad connection
Fuck

