Album: JamesTaylor

// Don't Talk Now //

Where I've been, you don't know. And what I've got, baby, it don't show.
Now, I won't try to teach you how, don't talk now.
Don't talk roads, don't talk sand. Don't talk dust, don't talk no man.
Don't talk rules, don't talk vows, don't talk now.

I don't wanna hear the same old song,
and too many rights still make her wrong, baby.
I know she can't hurt me less by talking more,
she can't make good what was bad before.

No, It's too late now for me to lie and I can't make a second try.
I just came on back baby got to say good bye, good bye.
Don't talk now, don't talk now. Don't talk now, don't talk now.

// Something's Wrong //

Something's wrong, that restless feeling's been preying on your mind.
Road maps in a well-cracked ceiling, the signs aren't hard to find.
Now I'm not saying that you've been mistreated,
no one's hurt you, nothing's wrong. A moment's rest was all you needed,
So pack your things and kindly move along.

Like dust in the wind you're gone forever.
You're wind-blown leaves, you're a change in the weather.
Just a town like any other, a second brand new start.
A third or fourth hand, wife or lover, no, you won't break her heart.
Take some bacon, go on and leave your watch chain,
She won't count on nothing more.
Wrap your hands around that small change and tiptoe barefoot out the door.

Yes, something's wrong, that restless feeling's been preying on my mind.
When things get bad I'm bound to pack my bags and just leave them all behind.

// Knocking 'Round The Zoo //

Just knocking around the zoo on a Thursday afternoon,
there's bars on all the windows and they're counting up the spoons, yeah.
And if I'm feeling edgy, there's a chick who's paid to be my slave, yeah, watch out James.
But she'll hit me with a needle if she thinks I'm trying to misbehave.

Now the keeper's trying to cool me/ says I'm bound to be all right,
but I know that he can't fool me cause I'm putting him uptight, yeah.
And I can feel him getting edgy every time I make a sudden move, whoa, yes it's true.
And I can hear them celebrating every time I up and leave the room.

Now my friends all come to see me, they just point at me and stare.
Said, he's just like the rest of us so what's he doing there?
They hide in their movie theaters drinking juice, keeping tight, watch that bright light.
Cause they're certain about one thing, babe, that zoo's no place to spend the night, no.

Just knocking around the zoo on a Thursday afternoon,
there's bars on all the windows and they're counting up the spoons, yeah.
And if I'm feeling edgy, there's a chick who's paid to be my slave, watch out Kootch.
But she'll hit me with a needle if she thinks I'm trying to misbehave.

// Sunshine Sunshine //

Sounds of laughter, here comes sunshine, smiling faces all around.
They possess you, bless you, sunshine, now you can never let them down, I say sunshine.

Sunshine, sunshine, is that a cloud across your smile or did you dream again last night?
It's best you rest inside a while as blue doesn't seem to suit you right.

Things ain't what they used to be, pain and rain and misery.
Illness in the family and sunshine means a lot to me, I say sunshine.

But could it be Sunshine is drifting with midnight and lonely when everyone's gone?
Blue crystal spirits and gardens in moonlight
leave weak alone and bleak all quiet and grey by dawn.

Sunshine, sunshine rising to late to chase the cold and failing to change the frost to dew.
She's trading her mood of yellow gold for frost bitten shades of silver-blue.

Friends and lovers past and gone and no one waiting further on,
I'm running short of things to be and sunshine means quiet a lot to me, I say sunshine.
Sunshine, sunshine...

// Taking It In //

Morning, sing me a song, afternoon, bring it along, nighttime, show me a friend,
say it again, send a good dream my way.

Wednesday, feeling just fine, I got to say time on my hands. Friday, look at them run,
show me some fun, taking the sunshine in.

God knows you've got to give yourself time to think these days,
Lord knows you've got to take enough, time to look both ways, the pieces fly by so quickly now.

Laura, look at you walk, I swear you've got eyes in my head.
I'd like to follow you down, show you around, borrow the crown you wear.

Bacon, lie on the plate, two black-eyed peas wait on the side.
Gravy, chicken and rice, isn't it nice? Tell me the price of the food.

What happens when the answers they give you aren't good enough?
What happens when it rains for eight days on your week off?
You know you can't buy tomorrow, no, it's all a matter of opening up your eyes.
And looking around cause it's all there, it's all there, I said taking the sunshine in.

// Brighten Your Night With My Day //

Daybreak finds you up and alive just as though you could touch a star.
But sunset seems to leave you weary, alone and wondering who you are.
Don't deny that lonely feeling, babe, that keeps stealing on you from deep down inside.
Hey, can't you see that it's no good concealing a feeling it hurts you to hide?

When you can come home to me, yes, I'm happy to hear
what you've got to say to me, baby, all the way.
Girl, you can count on me, watch those shadows fade away,
and brighten your night with my day.

Daybreak, sunset, hot and cold running smiles and tears.
A bright outside to match your foolish pride, but not a word for the lonely years.
Please come back home to me, now you won't have to say
that you'll stay with me, baby, no, it's not that way.
Just come back home to me, watch those shadows fade away,
And brighten your night with my daybreak, sunset, you don't have to cry no more.
Now, everything's gonna be just fine, watch out, baby, here it comes,
Right around the corner, here it comes, just brighten your night with my day.

// Night Owl //

A catfish, he tends to groove on the water, it's just where he's bound to be.
And a monkey kinds of flashes on fruits and bananas, so he lives in the top of a tree.
But my eyes are made for darkness and so the nighttime is right for me,
Said I'm a night owl, honey, sleep all day long.

Now most folks they like the good day time, they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning off and running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down and them bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.
I'm a night owl, honey, sleep all day long.

Said turn off that bright light, baby, you're just about to drive me blind.
Draw them curtains for me, mama, you watch and you'll see how my love light shines.

Now, there's two sides to this great big world, and one of them is always night.
Hey, if you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby, I guess you're gonna be all right.
But don't come looking for string bean to lend you a hand,
because my eyes they can't stand the light,
No, I'm a night owl, honey, sleep all day long. I said sleep all day long, I'm a night owl, honey.

// Circle Round The Sun //

Now, I love my baby, and she's bound to love me some.
Yes, I love my baby, and she's bound to love me some.
Now, she throws her arms around me just like a circle around the sun, yeah yeah.

I lay down last night just to try to take my rest.
I said I lay down last night, Lord, I was trying to take my rest.
But my thoughts they just kept wandering just like them wild geese in the west, babe.

Now I know that sunrise, sunrise, it's gonna shine in my back yard someday.
I said I know that sunrise, sunrise, sunrise, it's gonna shine in my back yard someday.
And that wind's just bound to rise up, gonna blow, blow all my blues away, hey, hey, hey,

I love my baby and she's bound to love me some.
Hear me say that I love my baby, and she's bound to love me some.
Now, she throws her arms around me just like a circle around the sun.

// The Blues Is Just A Bad Dream //

A tree grows in my back yard, it only grows at night.
Its branches they're all twisted, its leaves are afraid of light.
They say the blues is just a bad dream, they say it lives upside your head.
But when it's lonely in the morning, you're bound to wish that you was lying dead.

There's winds out on the ocean, they're blowing just as they choose.
But then winds ain't got no emotion, baby, they don't know the blues.
They say the blues is just a bad dream, they say it lives upside your head, mmmm.
But when it's lone, lonely in the morning you're bound to wish that you was lying dead.

My mind is rambling and rambling just like some rolling stone, no,
since that nightmare's come to stay with me, baby, my thoughts just don't belong.
They say the blues is just a bad dream, they say it lives upside your head.
But when they visit you around midnight, you're bound to wish that you were lying dead.

