Album: PitchBlack

// Pitch Black //

The soul burned in heaven clouds
before the greyed events of ones reality per se through marches of hate
onward, payed to bullion from spoken stabs taken by controls
to unified fanned by reality - distant souls.

The second wave will break from this say to the humanity
by the numb axis numbing forever to sell their horror,
the grounds are ready to plunge, then we start to empty
forgotten by illumination, darkness is all there is.

Weapon come, defy your fears. Again try to stand your ground.
Gone unwritten a living son, Step into my oblivion.
Come and watch! you're stabbing down,
you're pleased now, there's nothingness.
Unreached a living son, step into oblivion.

Cunning, come into the vortex then comprehend,
extending their twisted eyes. My own replant taunting us,
fears, my instinct continues to scan,
Now to the choir disgust, as seen by all these American dates
and missing something disgraced forever, bound to bleed.

Why it's confused and ridiculed and chained and scrapped 
from birth, downed, repelled in their mind and ways -
to stay on the berth of human ground, humiliation flaunts the seed
of apprehension played, weighing events, black states to call a shade
of my every day.

Weapon come, face your fears. You're damned, you tried, it's burning ground.
Bask in the light of a mocking sun, step into my oblivion.
Come and watch the stabbing ground,
you're pleased now there's nothingness
unreached, a living son, step into oblivion.

// Dancers To A Discordant System (Live) //

Listen to the hidden tune
- The essence of lies in notes defined
As we dance to the dissonant sway
- The choreography refined
Will subdued and shackled
Reason washed aside
Pledging our love to the chains
Our ignorance ever-amplified

Blooded hands lead the waltz
We're trapped in the out of tune swirl
Still we set the show on continue mode
And dance to a discordant system

We accept the nails we're fed
- Lies sharpened to bleed us silent
Muted from the pains
Defiance employed in vain
Any attempts to leave the dance,
Invisibly suppressed
Questions unasked, we learn learn the steps
- Eyes shut like all the rest

Unsuspecting, willing, blind, controllable herd
Pawns in a covert game conducted by hands we trust
Dominated, compliant and deceptable
Confident that we matter - we don't see that we're but dust

Committed to a lie we cannot see, cannot know nor comprehend
We're all asinine drones kept in the dark, kept in line

Confined, Bereft of reason
Withering in toxicity
- The deadly fumes of deceit
And we all reek of complicity
Humbled, brought to our knees
By the weight of our own guilt
Our nescient ways the catalyst
To injustice and inhumanity

We dance - to appease
Compete in stupidity

Obscured faces file our points
- Numbers fed to the machine
Still we stand in line for the next show
The human spine liquefied
What are we, but stupefied
Dancers to a discordant system

We believe - so we're misled
We assume - so we're played
We confide - so we're deceived
We trust - so we're betrayed

