Album: TakeItLikeYouGiveIt

// Why Was I Born? //

Why was I born, why am I livin'?
What do I get, what am I givin'?
Why do I want a thing I daren't hope for?
What can I hope for? I wish I knew

Why do I try to draw you near me?
Why do I do I cry? You never hear me
I'm a poor fool, but what can I do?
Why was I born to love you?

Why do I try to draw you near me?
Why do I do I cry? You never hear me

I'm a poor fool, but what can I do?
Why was I born to love you?

Some other versions may include an
Spending these lonesome evenings with nothing to do
But to live in dreams that I make up all by myself
Dreaming that you're beside me, I picture the prettiest stories
Only to wake up all by myself What is the good of me by myself?

// I May Never Get To Heaven //

I walked with you and talked with you
And held your lovin' hand
We loved a while, I lived a while
And thought fate had a plan

Oh, but someone stole my angel
And I lost what I loved most
I may never ever get to heaven
But I once came mighty close

Never play a golden harp or spread celestial wings
Or walk up a golden staircase
While the distant chorus sings

I once held your sweet love
And I felt your tender touch
I may never ever get to heaven
But I didn't miss it much

I may never ever ever get to heaven
But I did, I really didn't miss it much
(Miss it much)

// Tighten Up Your Tie, Button Up Your Jacket (Make It For The Door) //

Don't get too comfortable, my boy
I'm expecting company
Don't you have somewhere else to go?
Or do you just like to visit me?
You can't come around any time you please (uh, uh)
Just like you did before (uh, uh)

So tighten up your tie (tighten up)
Button up that jacket (button up)
And make it for the door (make it for the door)

Don't get too close to me, my boy
I'm not playing around with you
Can't you leave well enough alone?
Why can't you just realize we're through?
I couldn't start again, oh no, sir-ee (uh, uh)
I couldn't take it any more (uh, uh)

So tighten up your tie (tighten up)
Button up that jacket (button up)
And make it for the door (make it for the door)

Oh, the bell might ring any minute
And he just wouldn't understand
You had romance but you blew your chance
Trying to play a double hand
You know that I'm weak for you, my boy (auh bop, auh bop)
Ah, did you just come around to see (auh bop, auh bop)
If your sweet and tender charms (auh bop, auh bop)
Would still work out on me? (auh bop, auh bop)

Well, even if you did (if you did)
You can still grab your hat (your hat)
'Cause now I know the score (uh, uh, uh)
Tighten up your tie (tighten up)
Button up your jacket (button up)
And make it for the door (make it for the door)

Let it hit you in the back, make it for the door (tighten up your tie, uh, ah ah ah)
You oughta choke yourself with that jacket (button up your jacket, uh, ah ah ah)
Oh, then button up that shark skin (make it for the door, uh, ah ah ah)
Baby, and make it for the door (tighten up your tie)

// Her Little Heart Went To Loveland //

Her little heart went to Loveland
His little heart stayed at home
Her little heart gave all the love it could impart
His little heart gave none

She took the road to forever
Would she leaving? Never
Maybe she wasn't too clever
But when love finds one it blinds one

He made her journey so exciting
Oh, how the world spun around
Locked in his embrace, lost in time and space
But his never left the ground

This little girl is a sad little girl
Who must endlessly roam
Her little heart went to Loveland
But his fickle heart stayed home

// Lee Cross //

Here comes, here comes Lee Cross
Here he comes, here comes Lee Cross
He's a trouble maker (trouble maker)
A heartbreaker (heartbreaker)
A love maker (love maker)

Let me tell you about Lee Cross
Gonna tell the story, he's the lady's boss
The ex-teacher from the school of live
He's a lover so prim, a young girl's dream
Mad on who wants to be his wife

You think I'm lying about he's being a lover
His record speaks for itself
Don't worry about him running out, girls
If got a rose up being on the shelf

He's got a weld of kisses, honey, tell the story
And in his chest is where the love is stored
And before he turns twenty-one
He is gonna be charming of the lover's gone, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I'm talking 'bout Lee Cross
The great greater loss
And now that you, you've heard my spill
Wherever you're from and if he's in your town
Go on over girls and let him give you a thrill

Talking 'bout Lee, Lee Cross, he's a lover
And every girl knows that he is all friends
Well, and I, I declare that he's awfull in his charm (yes he is)
The light stars at the very end

There he goes, there goes Lee Cross
There he goes, there goes Lee Cross
He's a trouble maker (trouble maker)
A heartbreaker (heartbreaker)
A love maker (love maker)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Heartbreaker (heartbreaker)
A love maker (love maker)
A known shaker (known shaker)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ah

// Take It Like You Give It //

Take it, take it just like you give it, oh oh oh oh, oh
Take it like you give it

Baby, can I say that I'm sorry
For the things I said last night
But I'm human too, just like you
When I don't always do things right
And sometimes you aren't so very nice
But I smile and still pay the price
Now, if you love me let me see your limit

And just take it like you give it, yeah (take it, take it just like you give it)
Take it like you give it, yeah (take it, take it just like you give it)
Baby, there's a whole lot of people (oh oh oh oh, oh)
Who just can't see the forest for the trees (oh oh oh oh, oh)
And you just don't know, oh, how sad I am (oh oh oh oh, oh)
The thing you might be one of these, hey yeah

I wanna make up for this reason (oh oh oh oh, oh)
Whether if you're wrong or right (oh oh oh oh, oh)
I'm in misery, and I know you're must be (oh oh oh oh, oh)
I pull the switch I've ever fired
So don't make it hard for me to comeback
And if you love me let me see your limit

And just take it like you give it, yeah (take it, take it just like you give it) (oh oh oh oh, oh)
Take it like you give it, yeah (take it like you give it)
Take it like you give it, yeah (take it, take it just like you give it) (oh oh oh oh, oh)
Take it like you give it, yeah (take it like you give it)

