// How High //

Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I'm through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

(How high)

Whats love got to do, go to do with it
I get a little taste then I'm through with it
Then I send it right back to you with it

[Verse 1]
Visionary play your position, no missionary
But yet I pack Gospel in the quotes I spoke
You listening to the most high like the Pope on dope
Now picture that
My poetry's deep now fish for that
Only real niggas catch something, phoney niggas fail
Shit you gotta feel like it's only read in braille
Both did the crime but his homie didn't tell
So he fucking bitches while he sitting lonely in a cell
Thinking well, what the hell I been on
They gave a nigga five then they threw another ten on
By the time I'm back on the streets like a bachelor
I gotta play the clubs like an old ass woman
Life is a movie, pick your own role
Climb your own ladder or you dig your own hole
Sit around crying that's like sitting round dying
You wanna touch the sky bitch you figure out flying

[Chorus]
Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

Nigga how high, so high that I could touch the sky
How sick, so sick that I could fuck yo' bitch
Nigga please, my squad stack plenty of G's
And if your girl like to smoke we got plenty of trees

[Verse 2]
Hey, as the troubles of the world unfurl
My niggas hit the trees like squirrels
Tryna get a nut with your girl
Think I need to quit trying 'fore some nigga out there try to hit mine
Karma for the karma sutra
A lot calmer when the ganja's through ya
You need ya armour cause them niggas out here tryna shoot ya
Kinda crucial, police piranha, gon snatch you out that Honda
For stashing that marijuana
Yes, ya honour, I feel ashamed
I broke the law but look I'll never smoke or steal again
In your courtroom wylin' out, I don't mean to keep smiling
But right now I'm high enough to probably steal a plane
Man, just look at me, what if I couldn't read?
Would you throw the book at me
What if I'm feeling sad, am I supposed to look happy
It's been a long time coming
Tell my nigga roll me up something

[Chorus]

No I don't smoke, maybe once in a blue
When the tention gets thick than there's nothing to do
Through the windows of my soul, open the blind
My eyes get shut but I open my mind

How high, la la la la
how high, hey hey hey
how high, yeah yeah yeah yeah
How high, la la la la

Is that a shot that you threw little man?
I understand, you frustrated career ain't going how you planned
Make it worse, you're friends, now when they talk rap
All you hear is "J Cole this" and "J Cole that"
It must be hard for your projects to take all that
I know your weak heart gotta break off that
Boy, look, Cole World this is your worst fear
I'm burning you niggas and I'm only in first gear
I'm serving you niggas this is only the first beer
12 months from now, you'll be having the worst year
No tears for the haters, I'm still counting money
Cole ain't dropping, that's real fucking funny
Grade A dummy, sleeping on a nigga raps
Something like a mummy
But I'mma wake yo' ass up
Something like your mommy on school day
I smoke two l's with ya girl this is Cool J

How high
How high
How high, yeah
How high, yeah

What's love got to do, got to do with it
I get a little taste then I'm through with it
Yeah I send it right back to you with it

// Like A Star //

[Chorus]
Baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if the money been slow
'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride with me
You're still gon' ride wit' me
I say you're still gon' ride wit' me
I know you're still gon' ride wit' me, hey

[Verse 1]
Welcome to the life of a, nice brother
Light skind-ed, black father, white mother
Tried to be a player, found out I'm a slight lover
Come from Carolina, I'm fly, I'm a right brother
Went away to school looking for the right lover
You know, someone that couldn't ever worry 'bout a rubber
She had a man, I be damned, think I might love her
Thought about her ass for the whole damn Summer
Man I even memorised her whole damn number
This is my semester dog, I'm coming to arrest her
Yah, y'all you know, handcuff her, her ex man, fuck him
Oh nah don't be a parr man, that nigga was a dog
So it's me now, and she be everywhere I be now
I wonder, should I tell her what her fella wanna be now?
The dreams I been dreaming and them things I wanna see now
Do they make you wanna leave or would you still hold me down?

[Chorus]
'Ey Baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride wit' me
You're still gon' ride wit' me
I say you're still gon' ride with me
I know you're still gon' ride with me, hey
(Just like a star)
Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star)
And we gon' do it big (just like a star)
And maybe get a crib (just like a star)
'Ey maybe we can live (just like a star)

[Verse 2]
Hey, for you I always had an admiration
We lost touch but you never left my imagination
Congratulations on your graduation
Oh now it's time to hit the real World filled with all them résumés and applications
Man, but ain't nobody calling you back
You say it's cause you a woman and even more cause you black, imagine that
The weight of everything on your plate
You got the World on your back baby, if you can relate, man I feel for you
'Ey has this World got too real for you?
Your old friends say you changed but I still know you
You that same old girl I used to take home from school
Tryna look cool, forgot I had to break on, damn
Time passed and you done grew up
And yeah, it's just like I told you baby look I done blew up
But the money and this little bit of fame ain't changed me
So holla when you need me, I bet you you'll get the same me

[Hook]

'Ey baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride with me
You're still gon' ride with me
I say you're still gon' ride with me
I know you're still gon' ride with me, hey
(Just like a star)
Cause baby girl you shine (just like a star)
And we gon' do it big (just like a star)
And maybe get a crib (just like a star)
'Ey maybe we can live

Just like a star that's in my sky
Just like an Angel on my pain
You have appeared to my life
It feels like we never be the same
Damn and it's been, way too long
Can't find the words to write this song
Hey, Ugh, still I wanna worry
But it ain't what I do
Hey, we do it all the time
Goin' out my mind
Man

[Hook]

'Ey baby girl, roll down the window
I love to see your hair float when the wind blow
Even if te money been slow
'Ey to you it don't matter cause you still gon' ride wit' me
You're still gon' ride wit' me
I say you're still gon' ride wit' me
I know you're still gon' ride wit' me, hey
Just like a star
Just like a star
Just like a star
Just like a star

// Knock On Wood (Freestyle) //

(Cole, cole, cole, cole 
And on the count of 3
Baby girl
Cole, cole, cole, cole
And on the count of 3
Baby girl
Cole, cole, cole, cole
Hey
And on the count of 3
Blow up - ah
Blow up - ah)

Yea - and that I will
Nigga and that I will
I keep a checklist of rappers that I'mma kill
I used to play the bleachers before I had a deal
Now a nigga gettin burnt, just imagine how that feel
Mmm, ill, fantastic
Flip rhymes, flip beats, nigga jamnastics
Your style hot now but they just can't last wit
Somethin like the rap sandcastle
Gone with the tide
I'm here for the season
Bend your ass over bitch 
I'm here for a reason
Cole breezin, flow freezin
This ain't spittin ho - I'm sneezin
Used to hit South Beach, stay at the Parisian
No fun nigga, low funds was the reason
Old school bed that the hoes got pleased in
Now them loes dos is what I throw peas in
Man talk about a come up
Niggas see me in the street, they talkin bout The Come Up
Or talk about The Warm Up
Aye nigga when yo album drop?
And why these little rappers like to run they mouth alot?
And J. Cole are you really from the south or not?
I see yo jeans, man them thangs musta cost alot
Aye do you get a chance to hang out with the boss alot?
Even them hatin niggas like you at the barbershop
Cole! yeaaa, thats my motherfuckin name
Nigga couldn't even watch the allstar game
Had to do the ole valentines day thang
Gotta play the game so my lady won't complain
3 or 4 days I'll be back on a plane
Do a couple shows where the people know my name
Look man the crowd full of pretty young thangs
If you gone do dirt then you can't leave a stain
Mane, tiger woods ya'll
He like the white girls
I like them hoods yall
She got her hair straight, she got a good job
She give the best brain, she got them good jaws
I got that good game, thats cause I'm good ya'll
J. Cole the little engine that could ya'll
And yea I'm comin for the top like I should ya'll
And bitch I'll never fall off 
Knock on wood ya'll
Cole

// Pity //

God help the hungry children
Help the homeless children
Help them to survive a World they can't understand

God help the child who's needy
Who deserves not pity
Help them to survive this cold and bitter land

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?

[Verse 1]
Yeah, this is the Ville, home of the fast-lifers
Where we get high and don't come down, we gas righteous
Man, I wonder how hard to live my past life was
Cause this one hard, I could show you my scars
I ain't crying tho..
Then save that pity for the next man
Or that girl getting beat down by her ex-man
Hey, hold your head, mama
I know you wish that nigga dead, mama
If I can find a way to kill him, I won't have any drama
Damn mama, tell me who you love
This one is for the boy that sees his mama on drugs
I feel your pain, boy and just know that I been through the same, boy
That lady needs you more than ever
Don't be ashamed boy
Cause when it rained, boy, that was your umbrella
The one that changed your pissy sheets when you was a young fella
And now she in the bedroom on her knees
Staring at the sky, screaming "Lord please!"
Tell me now

[Hook - J Cole]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

[Verse 2]
Soon as you cling on, my mind's saying "be gone!"
I leave em with wrinkled foreheads, they now Klingons
Confused, cause friendship's abuse and I'm sorry for it
My life performance been trifling, some nights I fight my conscience?
Was never given space, but I always heared the heart
Always miss playing the hand that was dealt the joker cards
It's what I was feeling like, lonely low energy
Fallin slow clinically, ballin' over we finna be
Don't pity me ever, even when them haters answering
Mindstate of the victim, no victim, I'm just a champion
Money come in slow, God, intervene
Spirit's never broken, I'm just focused, don't pity me
No no no, you see this pain put a strain on my whole life
I seen the rain, seen my dreams turn to long nights
But all I ask is don't pity me, no, no!
Don't pity me, no, no, no!

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

I can't cry about it
Nah, nah, be strong
Can't cry about it
Hey

[Verse 3]
I freestyle life, can barely write the rent
Yearly income can barely keep this music life in check
Call up mama, hate to borrow money, with Christmas near
Hey you know what? How about we make each other gifts this year
Friends are calling me up, asking me if I'm signed yet
Who I'm working with? Am I making dollar signs yet?
Disappointment within their voices, do they pity me?
Disbelief, I'ma stay driven like them city streets
But ah, it seems like every day is rainy weather
Can barely fit my pain and poverty the same umbrella
But he don't care, he don't care, it's hard to keep em dry
No more caterpillar, now you see him change: peeping Tom
This life'll flash before your eyes
So get your match before your fire turns to ash
No more drive, no more gas, before you cry, get your last
Before you die, life your past with no regrets
Broken X, no looking back man

[Hook]
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that you rolled for me?
I won't cry about it, I won't cry about it

Is this the life that you chose for me Lord?
Is this the life that you chose for me?
Is this the dice that was rolled for me?
Yeah

// Unabomber //

[Intro]
Yeah
Fresh off the motherfucking broadcast
And I'm here, fuego nigga
Yeah, hey, uh, it's happening fast
Yeah, uh

[Verse]
I told niggas on the low, but they ain't hear it though
Boy that man in the mirror is a miracle
Hey wipe your face, momma told you no more tears would flow
We eating better than we was a few years ago
Send you Western Union on my pay day, a week later it's May day
So you returned the favor, we stayed afloat like some sailors
Bill collectors blowing us up, the couldn't fade us
Bitch I made straight A's, go 'head, try and degrade us, haters
But this one's funny: man one year later I was on them phones
Collecting money, a lesson for me: everybody's got a story dog
Unfortunately learned I can't do nothing for you dog
I'm trying to run the whole game like a morning jog
With hits like a porno blog
Not hopping out to shower to make ten dollars an hour
Ain't judging though, to each his own
You pay your bills and raise your kids inside a decent home
More power to you, but a message to you fuck niggas
I hope your kids grow up and never wanna fuck with you
This punk nigga knocked up two hoes at the same time
And told this nigga they was lying dog, they ain't mine
That's cold blooded but ain't nothing new
Same old, fuck it though, what's up with you?
If you made it this far listening without skipping
Then I gotta show love, don't worry I'm just venting
The late night thoughts of a nigga on a mission
And I rock my girl to sleep in missionary position
Tuck that ass in and then I went and grabbed a pen
And now you have it, words flowing like magic, it's truly accurate
You niggas posing like some hoes up in a beauty pageant!
Nobody touching me, it's like I got the cooties rapping
Remember when we called niggas African booty scratchers?
Yeah that was random, but man, so is life
You grab your needle, grab your thread, and hope you sew it right
I find myself fiendin' for a spot to go at night
With the liquor flowing steady and the hoes polite
The fast lane makes me reminisce on slower life
The unabomber, bitch I'm blowing up over night (BOOM!)

[Outro]
Hey, yo, it's happening fast
I say it's happening fast
All the drama that I had to get past
Will it last? Or will it pass?
Just as quick as it came
Hoes knowing my name
Dog, welcome to fame
I pray to God we don't change
But even if you don't
Most niggas look at you strange
But I guess I can't complain (Hey)
Hey man it's happening fast
I say it's happening fast
I say it's happening fast

