Album: TrulyYours

// Can I Holla At Ya //

Can I holla at you? Lemme holla at you.

[Verse 1: Special]
Never forget the day I met you
We was destined for each other like a,
Son to his mother or a sister and brother, man this bond is deep
We go a couple years and don't even speak, but know it's love though
Could never let em' dirty your name I got the utmost respect for you,
Came back home and had to check for you,
Word 'round town is you locked down
Some older niggas snatched you up gave you a rock now
Damn, hey could it be, she like "if you was me you wouldn't wait for me
Living fast you wouldn't mash the brakes for me"
Big city slicker nigga on a higher track
Bigger now but when she send a letter always write her back
And time revealed, she feels that she settled too soon
While she see me go for mines and she admire that
We speak about time as if we could just buy it back
If only it was that simple, damn I miss you

[Hook]
Can I holla at you,
Can I holla at you,
Lemme holla at you,
Yeah I know its been a while, but ain't no better time than now
Can I holla at you,
Can I holla at you,
Ay, let me holla at you
Yeah I know its been a while, but

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
You betrayed me,
The day you played my momma you played me
Can't believe I let you in my heart nigga
I should've, followed my instincts a stranger in my house
Only five years old but sensed danger in my house
I was too young too scrap you but damn if I ain't want to
I'm blowing up fast and I hope these words haunt you
Uh, thirteen years knew you more then my real pops
Put me on to 'Pac, and all the rappers that killed cops
Who would've thought you'd leave my momma high and dry
Last words to a bitch nigga "why you lie?"
Feeling bitter so these words might seem jumbled
When you left I watched that lady crumble
I know by now you probably a old man,
But I still I feel I won't be satisfied until we throw hands
For all the ass whoppin's
Heard you tryna' talk to, tell that punk don't call me
You ain't shit and I'm scared it rubbed off on me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
I heard you on that shit I hope it ain't true
Was hard to holla at you last time I came through
Could barely recognize you, naw nigga this ain't you
Cause you ain't lookin' like that nigga that I once knew
And plus you act like you don't know me
We was homies, now you call me by my rap name
See me do my thing, so you expecting me to act strange
Ain't holla'ed but you on my mind nigga
I dont forget the good times nigga
White tee's in the club, jeans baggy as fuck
Sometimes I look back on my life, that was the happiest stuff
You had potential to be monumental, ville mentality
You know that old kill or be killed mentality
I look at where you at now it's a, real fatality
Cause where you supposed to be is on top, close to me
Chasin' hoes like the old days,
But now we overseas, dawg
Congratulations on your seat
Yo my nigga can I holla at you?

[Hook]

// Crunch Time //

Tick
This for my niggas in the fourth quarter
Just watchin that clock tick...

[Verse 1:]
Said at what point do you start seein' bread?
Been out hustlin' for years, shoe box right under my bed.
I moved the work out my momma house got me a lil ol' crib
I always fantasized if I had went to college instead.
Would I be happily married instead of broke and unwed?
My nigga made a major move I said I hope for the best.
I told my sister as I kissed her cheek, I'm better off dead.
Cuz fuckin' with this white its all been downhill like a sled.
Now I understand they say you make your own bed.
But tell me who supplied these sheets with this cheap ass thread?
In denial 'bout the feds, he can't see past bread.
Now do exactly what the man in the ski mask says, okay?
These are the times, survival my only crime
I gotta be on my grind, a lot of my homies gone.
Inside me Lord I know its a lie that we gon' be fine
But mama I'm tired of cryin', just lie to me one more time
Cuz it's crunch time

[Hook]
Cuz it's crunch time
Shit real man, a nigga got bills
Dog it's crunch time
It's crunch time
Shit real man, a nigga got bills

[Verse 2:]
Look, scavenge these records of these days, MP3's
Looking for the samples to put a nigga on MTV's
This is for niggas with empty dreams and empty jeans
Still holdin' on to the word maybe
Cuz this 9-5 shit is driving you stir crazy
Comin home tired just to hear it from your lady
Hollin' 'bout your baby, need this and need that
And all you want is peace and quiet,
Maybe some feedback on these raps
Cuz labels ain't hollerin' and niggas ain't downloading
Nobody sees your vision, they walkin 'round blindfolded
All this time holdin on to possibilities,
You step outside, smoke a blunt and then you feel the breeze.
Fuck what they talkin'! It ain't like life come often.
The only thing worst than death is a regret filled coffin.
So try before you die, or always wonder "what if?"
I thank the Lord for this wonderful gift.
Lookin' for strength in this crunch time. [2x]

[Hook]

// Rise Above //

[Hook]
Rise above, rise above…
And you've got to…
Rise above, rise above…

[Verse 1]
She had her little daughter with her, it was cold out
Said "ah, I hate this motherfucker," then she rolled out
He ain't answering his phone, she yells "what the fuck?!"
Then told her daughter "buckle up, yeah, that's for safety"
See she been stressin' lately
'Cause this nigga she done been with for the past two years
Is now the current reason for her last few tears
She text, he don't text back
When she see him she be tryna sex, he don't sex back
His heart be on jet black
She call, he don't call back, all he say is "fall back"
Nigga just need his space, so she headed to his place
She just got a call from her homegirl Rhonda
Who said he been creepin', he been fuckin' with Yolanda
"Yolanda?"
"Yeah girl, Yolanda. Told you he ain't shit but you ain't listen, I was tryna" –
[Click] – hmmm, hung up that phone and hopped right up in that Honda
Headed his crib, she said she fed up with this shit
"Thought this time this was the one, thought I got better at this shit"
"Pickin' out Mr. Right, stick it out through the fights"
"And long nights, for what? These niggas is all alike"
She gon' set it off, her daughter gon' witness it all tonight, damn…

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
She said she just finished school, could barely pay tuition
Now she teaches 7th grade, tryna make a difference
Aye, but the kids frustrate her, say that they don't listen
A ass like that, how the fuck they supposed to pay attention?
I'm fuckin' with you, but for real, she say they hopeless
A class full of jokesters, creating all the obstacles, impossible to focus
Lil' niggas barely read, tryna give them what they need
And they don't even try, one little boy, he caught her eye
'Cause he look just like her brother, she be havin' to call his mother
But she act like she don't care – what father? He ain't here
Now she frustrated, thinkin' that she just made the mistake of her life
Underpaid, be havin' to waitress at night
Six years of college down the drain, drinkin', tryna drown her pain
Party with her girls, feeling sorry for the world
'Cause ain't no hope for the youth, well ain't that the truth
When all your role models either rappin' or they hoop, damn…

[Hook]

// Tears For ODB //

[Verse 1]
Tears for ODB, drug-induced poetry
What's the use? Strung-out from that drug abuse, woe is me
80's baby, so I know my pops was gettin' high
In the 90's, me and mama barely gettin' by
2000's I was concentratin' more on gettin' fly
Gettin' bitches, gettin' rich to get the shit I couldn't buy
You know the story, you know my allegory
I was sent from Heaven with a set of horns, they'd better warn y'all
I'm here for more than just to kick some witty metaphors, dawg
This more of the type of shit you spit to set a war off
'Cause niggas be poor, get money and still don't know
Why the fuck they can't cop a house, the system meant to lock us out
But I'm knockin' down the door, strapped up with a four-four
Robin Hood shit – and yeah, I'm 'hood rich
That's good enough to stay in new kicks and a good whip
Get good head from a good bitch, I give two shits, I'ma tell you straight up

[Hook]
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch

[Verse 2]
Lord have mercy on my soul – what I've done and what I've seen
My life has tumbled into that which only you could intervene
I put my heart in senseless things – money, bitches and street shit
Fascinated by beef, sad to say I won't be shit
Grew up in this bitch without a pot to piss in, no toilet
How ironic, I took a lot of shit, like a bottom bitch
Or a model chick, high off coke
They lockin' sons up for less, I don't care how y'all cope
But yet I still peddle this dope and these pills
I'll never know how sittin' comfy on that Oprah seat feels
More than likely be on Most Wanted posters, we still
Holdin' on to old dreams of bein' Hova, be real
We the forgotten souls, bottom of the totem poles
Left for dead, some niggas fled, people say they sold their souls
I just think they found a better way, Lord knows I never pray
But sometimes I be wishin' I could levitate, I'll take it straight up

[Hook]
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up
Straight up
Straight up – aye, any chance I'ma take it
Rather die before I fake it
They say life is what you make it, bitch, but I'm just tryna make it
Straight up

// Stay (2009) //

[Verse 1]
You can drop a "Wet Floor" sign down for the tears
God and my court date, the two things I fear
Man, they tryna give a nigga years
I'm tryna figure if I should even appear, or
Should I escape town? Catch a Greyhound
Change my name, right – catch a plane flight
Out the country, let them ma'fuckas hunt me
Come and catch me if you want me
Know they'll lock me if I stay
But… where I'mma run to?
I got a good girl, we got a son too
And all we went through, we ain't see eye-to-eye
But what you told me way back, you was a ride-or-die
So if they give me one, or give me two
Or if a nigga gotta sit down and do a few
Before I go, baby, I gotta know, what would you do?
Would you find someone new or would you stay?
Like the hoes when they lay with me?
Puppy eyes when I go, sayin' "stay with me"
Aw, girl, you bad as Hell
And yet I'd love to –
But see I got a girl I'm really makin' love to
Therefore I'm feelin' a lot more guilty when I rub you
That's why I skip all of that kissin' when I fuck you
Flush the condom down the toilet then I skate
I had you, but you can't have me, I never stay

[Hook]
Stay…

[Verse 2]
Ha! Life in a hometown, 'fore I could take a step
I'm gettin' grown now
And startin' to notice that I see the same hoes 'round
Guess they had to go 'round, my raps is profound
I got the flows but yet a nigga ain't got no sound
Copped a beat machine, I'm cookin' up my own now
Got my mind on the city where it goes down
See, if I'mma get to where I'm goin' then I can't stay
Although I love it here
I'll be damned if I sit around another year
Dreamin' dreams, hopin' somehow that they just appear
The hardest part of leavin' is to know my mother's here
Oh, but I'm comin' back – oh boy, believe that
Let's show the lil' niggas, boy, you can achieve that
Got the city on my shoulders, piggy back
Hello, my name is Cole and I'm here to stay…

[Hook]

