Album: TheHybridCuttingRoomFloor

// Demons And Angel //

I'm so ahead of my time
My pops ain't even bust his first nut yet
I'm a-whole-nother subject
Extra-curriculum, passion just to get more
Credit used synthetic, after this call the medic
Got a fetish for anything the color of lettuce
But they cut the horses' wings yeah, a Pegasus
Why you on some new con, new necklace
I transcend nijja a nigga dial right
Okay get your words up, hit Starbucks
Grab a bag of whole bean, whole food deli sandwiches
Blowing OG and I wrote this shit
And it goes like this a penny for your thoughts
But I plan to make millions
Or die cryin' in the end like the villain
Or sipping Teqo in outdoor pavilions
They keep telling me I'm brilliant
And I concur 'cause
My metaphors are better than yours
I broke obituary like brochure
And I'm trying to have mine like novel
Rap Dan Brown fight Angels and Demons
That's why I'm sipping on this bottle
I take your ho to Aeropostale and
She show me her body parts like Hostel...

Uh... nigga... I'm the nicest man... I don't give a fuck

It ain't trickin' if you got it
Yeah right it ain't trickin' if it's Jeep
If I can afford this you will absorb
My semen, dinners makin' copy cat peas
From mean mints, fiends leanin' throwing up
Will he demon? On the grind like strippers on zippers
To y'all young whippersnappers nigga I'm a blizzard
Nigga that's cold, I would do you so bold
If you ever disrespect this talent... uh
What the fuck you poppin' daughter-sect
Nigga I'm the architect
And my notepad's the blue print
Watch how I fuel shit
Getting away, watch these whorehats kill shit

Nigga... nigga... it's Detroit stand up... shit...

// Metal Gear Solid //

[Verse 1]
This raps like Metal Gear Solid
Chrome stay polished
White spots like on Rasheed Wallace
Any nigga think they frolic
This is not a promise
Bust a nigga in the head like Vonage
I smoke chronic
Like a stressed rasta, you are not gangster
You are an impostor
Kick it like Henry
This is not sucka
Spit it so different Brown songs like opera
Fat lady singing, serenading you
Mask like the phantom mothafucka I will stab you
Ever seen a nigga with nothing to lose?
Desert Eagle cocked and it's aimed at you
Temper running short cause his daughter missing meals
Running low on options gotta get it with the steel
Niggas got pills, but we ain't Morpheus
Posted in the hood, 40 on the porch with us
Nigga what's good? What you don't know
Get your free tickets to tonight's murder show
If you want to come through holla at me
Get your VIP RSVP

[Verse 2]
This raps like Metal Gear Solid
Nigga I'm Snake
I detect "bitch-nigga" in your blood trait
Nigga you are dog-bait
Show you how a slug taste
Little cockroaches
Get hit with the bug spray
Sorta like Subway
Nigga losing weight
Front his ass to work
Now you asking where we stay
Give his ass the pump like 10 on 8
Now we leave with pieces like birthday cake
You are not straight
Nigga you are gay
My hair long like Rappin' 4-Tay
Your bitch want to braid it
Say she got skills
But she's just fishing
Want me to fill her gills
Nigga I'mma chill
I ain't really stuntin' you
Meat on her grill
Just like a barbecue
Better call a audible
Switch up your plays
That shit you running get you Blitz 2k
I throw bullets right in the flesh
If you intercept, you got got
Hit you with some shit that you ain't coming back from
Brown tight like 6 niggas in a Maxima
40 count I see 'em holding drunk calcium
Cause your bones ain't breaking we cracking 'em
White sheets wrapping 'em
It's over it's a wrap for 'em
A rap for 'em

// Stay On //

[Ad lib]

I will throw you out the window, blaze up some indo
Cut on Ron Browz; Jumpin' Out The Window
The hook come for info. Ask 'em what they here for
Just tell 'em he was listening to Ron Browz
Bob your head. Nigga, don't fight it
I could take a shit in Autotune and you'll like it
Cause good times is far from what I had
Used to look at Thelma like "She ain't that bad"
So cop another bag, break a pill in half
And eat that motherfucker like a cow do grass
Rappers fallin' off. Careers dead and gone, but
"I stay on" [sample]
So live everyday like it's your last, dog
Cause dog, you never know when it's your time to go
So when the block's long, 'member it's a fast life
Up under street lights, hook flashing flash lights
Sittin' on the porch with a 5th of somethin'
Time to pour it up and make it sweeter than before
Tomorrow, we'll be sold, but still get it on, my nigga cause
"I stay on" [sample]

[Chorus: x2]
These niggas fallin' off. We got it for the low
Our block stay clickin', nigga. Yours move slow
You lookin' like you hurtin'. You smokin' on them clones, my nigga but
"I stay on" [sample]

I used to work at spots, make thirty off a hunnit'
I was fucked up at the time like "Run it"
So what, I sold dope. That don't make me who I is
Punked out a couple fights. That don't make me no bitch
Depths of the D. Straight-up out the cage
Danny Brown, motherfucker, out that Bruiser Brigade
Nigga on that no-look thunk shit
These Dunks don't match this fit, so unorthodox with it
If the bitches lookin' at me, cause they know I ain't basic
A blonde bitch could see that, no Lasik
Paint pictures. No need for the tracin'
"I stay on" [sample]
And I be in her walls. One time she almost fainted
Lived in a Slum Village, pussy a little tainted
So I strapped up before I went up in it
I ain't try'na catch nothin', buggin' while I'm up in it

[Chorus x2]

// 8 Mile //

Same nigga, notebook full of rhymes
My nigga ace the face saw the signs
My talent level excel my age
So about age 9, knew that I would rock stage
So it made me think of grades, sort of like catching AIDS
Didn't hit class, I wrote in my notepad
Mimic what I heard, got sicker with the verbs
Figured this the quickest way to get the pick-up in the 'burbs
Distribute herb, admit I used to dabble, but dawg
The snares a better sound than the gavel
Got so damn hungry, with work I used to travel
Packets in some drawers, toothpaste in the packets
Tryna leave my habitat, in ways that I've adapted
Sleep different when you on somebody else's mattress
Mental got scarred, change the pace could be advantage
Everybody in the D tryna move to Atlanta

[Hook:]
Click your seat fool, get ready to ride
And say good bye we 'bout to go past 8 mile
Brace yourselves only the strong survive
If you alive, we 'bout to go past 8 mile
It's too happy, hope your heater is dated
Are you ready? we 'bout to go past 8 mile
Tired of hating with the changes I'm making
I've been waiting just to go past 8 mile

It's where the line divide, either side, kinda tell get a sense of your pride
Where everyone ain't the same, but in the D that's how it is
How can you judge one from where one is?
The hook be on some other shit, checking our ID's
Hate tela's go back over the 8
Used to talk to white girls that I knew I couldn't date
Cause we was outta bonds, if we met either way
Now tell me what's the call
When we still gotta go over there to hit the mall
So I'm a take this d shit far
I'm the hybrid meaning sun take a hit past ours
As the summer's get hotter, winter get colder
Sons get locked, and our daughters having daughters
Feel it's time to speak, before this shit be out of order
Before you be the nigga, I'm here begging for quarters

[Hook]

// The Hybrid //

[Verse 1:]
I'm the first to breakfast, late for dinner
Flow so hot I'm sorta like incine-rator
Hater none greater than the urban dictator
Spit like New Jack City wedding caterer
Brown like the Prince of Arabia
The Last Dragon your Eddie Arkadian
I'm negotiating like Chris Sabian
You on some gay shit like Les Nubians
I'm in the new B.M. playing Brand Nubian
What I am is a new being
Not a martian nor human I'm hybrid
Open ya eyelids
You might miss something like a
Phenomenon
Far from a honest john
Used to slang for weeks without Degree under my underarms
I can go on and on
Rocks in my long johns
You were wearing cummerbunds on yo way to prom
I was chopping like lumberjacks
Clutch ya girls pom poms
Nigga you a puss puss
I beat you like a tom tom
Mush you for kush
And blow it with ya baby moms
And I ain't got to tell you cause you know just where I come from

(Who is this kid, some sort of cyborg?)
I'm a Hybrid
SOLAR BARS!

[Verse 2:]
I'm the first to breakfast late for dinner
Flow so cold I'm sorta like polar
Solar system planet Neptune
Black like car fumes
Colors like cartoons
They say Danny Brown "boy you a fool"
"Where you get them shoes"
Look nigga don't remember
Shop so much everyday like December
Wrapping up the chronic while I open up a 5th
My bitch a bad girl she don't get no gifts
She just get froze
She just get snow
She just get my dick hard under mistletoe
I know it's fucked up that's ya little sister bro
She gotta fat ass that's just how this shit go
Watching Anchorman she go down slow
Oh Oh
I'm bout to cum
Now runteldat like Martin Lawrence stand up
No this ain't a robbery but nigga get yo hands up
Like yo granny at church when the preacher said stand up
She said, "Oh lord
Please help my grandson get up out the basement and find his self a job"
"Find a nice girl so he can quit jacking off
"And leaving white stains allover my new towels"
Ow Ow Ow

I'm a hybrid
SOLAR BARS!

// Tea Time //

I sit and drink some tea with grandma
And talk about how much she isn't getting
We just pray, hope the blessings collect
Yesterday I missed the call from my cousin collect
He upstate, I hope I catch him on another day
But I ain't trying to see him, in a fuckin' round with the gay
One look at my granny, I thought for sure sinking
Damn... you know what I'm thinking
Nah... I see you're kinda slow
Cause I ain't serving shit, but this flow
And this beat is like a pack, flow like crack
I'm a do 'em one better, flip this sect
So these bars is fat nickels, got my first sale
Bought the kids popsicles, the game's so fickle
Got me going and my lawyer fair to cop swishers
Narcs pull us over, talking 'bout where's the pistols
And all we tryna do is just get a couple conies
Cause same shit in the crib man, you lucky we're baloney
Lonely inside living in a quarter house
Bunch a niggas pressed like a church lady blouse
Wonder why all these niggas running to the south
But in these 60's niggas came to where?
Wonder why all these motherfuckers running to the south
Cause in the 60's our elders came from there
Yeah...

I sit and drink some tea with grandma
And talk about how much we isn't getting
We just pray, hope the blessings collect
Yesterday got a call from my cousin collect
He upstate, said he straight, niggas locked
Wroten bars for the mixtape
But I'm far from paid, and the bills don't fade
So if you don't play might be locked in the cage
Nah I play the stage, and the hour's never flexible
Been doing this since granny made me eat my vegetables
Threw away my school schedule...
These niggas lack testicles...
Say what they want, don't do what they feel
Sometimes I look at shit like is it really real?
Same question Meth asked in '94
Had the hilfiger bubble coat...
Crushed on tiffany but she wasn't feeling me
Cause she was in the 12th grade sipping on hennessey
Now she a memory of what she once was
Now if you see her you wouldn't touch her with a buzz

// God Of War //

I got a question
Is anybody up there?
And if so do he really care
That we got hungry babies an old folks without hope
The good die young behind gun smoke
From where the cracks long
Where we expect to die young
Make it to your thirties you're considered a legend
The D is like Babylon
Where you get clapped upon
A murder relay
We hanging double time
Drop rate increases
While wages decreases
They shooting up the schools, make you wonder what they teaching
The young is ceases
The elders in pieces
Played by the rules and the system still cheated
And the other ones locked and in debt to society
The other ones in debt
Tell me what's the irony?
Pressure in my head
Stress in my head
But I got a couple questions before I go to bed

I got a question, are you listening God?
And if so can I get a nod?
I got a question, let me know can you help?
Or am I just talking to myself?
I got a question, are you listening God?
I got a question, are you listening God?

Used to play the porch, broke smoking on the port
Staring at the sky feeling like I've lost hope
Hard to believe when you want some Mickey-D's
You're looking in your fridge all a nigga got is cheese
Broke with no cheese bring a nigga to his knees
Make his palms come together
And his in present please
And when you have C's
Surely you'll see
The value of life such a privilege to be
It's so ridiculous tell me what you see
Turn on your TV all you see is vote for me
But will things change man I really don't know
Right behind on my rent
Ducking from my landlord
The light bill too
Even my phone due
Bout to cut a nigga off
So I'm tryna cut you
Ask God questions almost everyday
Always get my answers a damn year late

I got a question, are you listening God?
And if so can I get a nod?
I got a question, let me know can you help?
Or am I just talking to myself?
I got a question, are you listening God?
I got a question, are you listening God?

