// Branded Man //

I'd like to hold my head up and be proud of who I am,
but they won't let my secret go untold.
I paid the debt I owed them, but they're still not satisfied,
now I'm a branded man out in the cold,

When they let me out of prison, I held my head up high,
determined I would rise above the shame.
But no matter where I travel, the black mark follows me,
I'm branded with a number on my name.
If I live to be a hundred, guess I'll never clear my name,
'cause everybody knows I've been in jail.

No matter where I'm living,
I've got to tell them where I've been,
or they'll send me back to prison if I fail.

Now I'm a branded man out in the cold.

// Loneliness Is Eating Me Alive //

There hasn't been one bit of laughter in this house so long
Just the howlin' of the wind asking why
I know this house ain't growing but it seems bigger since you're gone
And the loneliness is eatin' me alive.

If there's any forgiveness in ye wrap it up and come on home
Yeah I may not change completely oh but I'll try
And honey you have to hurry or there'd be no reason to come home
Cause this loneliness is eatin' me alive.

The bigger the house the harder the tear falls I found it out since your goodbye
And honey you'll have to hurry or there'll be no reason to come home
Cause this loneliness is eatin' me alive yeah this loneliness is eatin' me alive.

// Don't Get Married //

Julie they've taken me to prison
I pulled the gun and robbed the jewelry store
The only thing I took was that big diamond
You know the one you said you wish was yours.

The diamond in the window called for money
The price was just too much for me to pay
But the price I'm paying now is so much bigger
Oh Julie, don't I have the right to say.

Don't get married, Julie wait for me
Don't get married 'cause someday I'll be free.

[Instrumental]

Julie, when I serve the time they gave me
I'll walk out through the gates and I'll be free
I hope you didn't only want the diamond
'Cause I pray that you also wanted me.

Don't get married, Julie wait for me
Don't get married 'cause someday I'll be free...

// Gone Crazy //

Well, you took my love for granted and I gave it all willingly
But seeing you with someone else was the breaking point for me
I know I'm goin' crazy I can feel it comin' on
The signs're all around me and I know I'll soon be gone
Gone crazy I may be hard to find gone crazy somewhere out of my mind.

But there'll be laughter all around me when they come and take me away
And in case you see me leavin' oh you can bet I've gone to stay
I know you're gonna miss me when you find I've gone insane
But I got the right to lose my mind if I can't stand the pain
Gone crazy I may be hard to find gone crazy somewhere out of my mind...

// I Threw Away The Rose //

Once I lived the life of wine and roses
And I drank a lot back then for one concern
Success for me lay just around the corner
I thought my social friends would help me make the turn

But now I'm paying for the days of wine and roses
A victim of the drunken life I chose
Now all my social friends look down their noses
'Cause I kept the wine and threw away the rose

I stood by and watched the bottle take control of me
The turn I made was not the one I'd planned
And I watched my social standings slip away from me
While I watched the bottle slowly take command

And now I'm paying for the days of wine and roses
A victim of the drunken life I chose
Now all my social friends look down their noses
'Cause I kept the wine and threw away the rose
'Cause I kept the wine and threw away the rose

// My Hands Are Tied //

She came her to see me today in prison where I have to stay
But this time she came here to tell me goodbye
Pretending that I understood I held back the tears best I could
But I know that she knew I wanted to cry.

'Cause my hands're tied
I'm locked here inside
I want her, I need her, I love her
But my hands're tied.

Her visits kept my world alive our love found the way to survive
But now it's all over I've lost her for good
She waited with arms open wide till somebody else stepped inside
But I know she waited as long as she could.

'Cause my hands're tied
I'm locked here inside
I want her, I need her, I love her
But my hands're tied...

// Some Of Us Never Learn //

There'll always be a few of us to keep the barrooms busy
And there'll always be fools like me with no place else to turn
'Cause liquor has the charmin' taste to keep you coming back
For it's true I guess that some of us never learn.

A crowded bar can't ever change the past
But from time to time we drown it in a glass
'Cause liquor has the charmin' taste to keep you coming back
Well, it's true I guess that some of us never learn.

A crowded bar can't ever change the past
But from time to time we drown it in a glass
'Cause liquor has the charmin' taste to keep you coming back
Well, it's true I guess that some of us never learn.

Never learn...

// Long Black Limousine //

There's a long line of mourners coming down our street
Their fancy cars're such a sight to see
They're all of your rich friends that knew you in the city
And now they finally brought you back to me.

The papers told of how you lost your life
Of the party and that fatal crash that night
The race on the highway the curve nobody seen
Now you're riding in that long black limousine.

When you left home you told me that someday you'd be returnin'
With a fancy car for a whole town to see
Well now everybody's watching now and I guess you finally got your dream
You're riding in one of them long black limousines.

Through tears I watch as you ride by
With a chauffeur at the wheel dressed up so fine
I'll never love another for my heart and all my dreams
Ride with you in that long black limousine...

// Go Home //

In old Padres Nadres Old Mexico
Once in my travel I happened to go
I met Maria and we fell in love
It seemed like heaven came down from above.

Dark skin and dark eyes and dark wavy hair
All kept me spellbound as love filled the air
I held her tightly then to my surprise
She whispered soft words with tears in her eyes.

Go home, go home, your people would not understand
Go home go, home, go back to your own homeland.

With gentle persuasion I changed her mind
I said they'd love her and treat her so kind
So we went together to my old hometown
I wanted to show my old friends what I'd found.

But hate made my sweet dream a nightmare
One day I came home and she was not there
A note on the table tore my world apart
My old friends has been there and told my sweetheart.

Go home go, home, your place is not with this man
Go home, go home, go back to your own homeland...

// I Made The Prison Band //

Deep inside this lonely prison where the pleasures are so few
Where the walls are strong and the days are long and there's nothin' new
I learned to play the guitar and I'm a doin' the best I can
I guess I could be worse because I made the prison band
I made the prison band.

Now there's ole bashful Bill on the doghouse bass Willie on the steel guitar
He hails from Ponkatilla where they drive a pretty mean bar
And back on the drum there's two time Tom our mshot temple man
The boys call me their singin' MC since I made the prison band
I made the prison band.

I've been plannin' a break since Christmas I had the details all worked out
But now I know that I ain't gonna go and there's no doubt
I had my try-out Sunday and the outcome changed my plan
I gotta rehearse for the Friday night show cause I made the prison band
I made the prison band.

Now there's ole bashful Bill on the doghouse bass Willie on the steel guitar
He hails from Ponkatilla where they drive a pretty mean bar
And back on the drum there's two time Tom our mshot temple man
The boys call me their singin' MC since I made the prison band
I made the prison band.

I made the prison band...

