Album: Survival

// Zimbabwe //

Every man got a right to decide his own destiny
And in this judgment there is no partiality
So arm in arms, with arms, we'll fight this little struggle
'Cause that's the only way we can, overcome our little trouble

Brother, you're right, you're right
You're right, you're right, you're so right!
We gon' fight (we gon' fight), we'll have to fight (we gon' fight)
We gonna fight (we gon' fight), fight for our rights!

Natty Dread it in-a (Zimbabwe)!
Set it up in (Zimbabwe)!
Mash it up-a in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)!
Africans a-liberate (Zimbabwe), yeah

No more internal power struggle
We come together to overcome the little trouble
Soon we'll find out who is the real revolutionary
'Cause I don't want my people to be contrary

And, brother, you're right, you're right
You're right, you're right, you're so right
We'll have to fight (we gon' fight), we gonna fight (we gon' fight)
We'll have to fight (we gon' fight), fighting for our rights

Mash it up in-a (Zimbabwe)
Natty trash it in-a (Zimbabwe)
Africans a-liberate Zimbabwe! (Zimbabwe)
I and I a-liberate Zimbabwe

(Brother, you're right,) you're right
You're right, you're right, you're so right
We gon' fight (we gon' fight), we'll have to fight (we gon' fight)
We gonna fight (we gon' fight), fighting for our rights

To divide and rule could only tear us apart
In every man chest, there beats a heart
So soon we'll find out who is the real revolutionaries
And I don't want my people to be tricked by mercenaries

Brother, you're right, you're right
You're right, you're right, you're so right
We'll have to fight (we gon' fight), we gonna fight (we gon' fight)
We'll have to fight (we gon' fight), fighting for our rights!

Natty trash it in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Mash it up in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Set it up in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Africans a-liberate Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Africans a-liberate Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Natty dub it in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Set it up in-a Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Africans a-liberate Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe)
Every man got a right to decide his own destiny

// Top Rankin' //

They don't want to see us unite:
All they want us to do is keep on fussing and fighting
They don't want to see us live together:
All they want us to do is keep on killing one another

Top rankin', top rankin':
Are you skankin' (skankin', skankin')?
Are you skankin' (skankin', skankin')?
Wo-ho, top rankin' (top rankin'). How, did you mean what you say now?
Are you - how are you (rankin', rankin') -
Are ya - Lord, Lord, Lord! (skankin', skankin')?

They say the blood runs
And it runs through our line
And our hearts, heart of hearts divine, eh!
And John saw them comin', ooh! - a-with the truth
From an ancient time

The brotherly love (brotherly love), the sisterly love (sisterly love)
I feel this morning; I feel this morning:
Brotherly love (brotherly love), the sisterly love (sisterly love)
I feel this morning, this morning. Hey!

They don't want us to unite:
All they want us to do is keep on fussing and fighting
They don't want to see us live together
All they want us to do is keep on killing one another

Top rankin' (top rankin')!
Did ya mean what you say now (top rankin')?
Are you skankin' (skankin', skankin')?
Are you skankin' (skankin', skankin')?
Top rankin' (top ranking)
Did you (top rankin') mean what you say (top rankin')?
Are you (rankin', rankin)?
Are you (skankin', skankin')?
Top rankin' (top rankin')
Top rankin' (top rankin')
Are you (skankin', skankin')?
How are you (skankin', skankin')?

// Babylon System //

We refuse to be
What you wanted us to be
We are what we are:
That's the way (way) it's going to be. If you don't know!
You can't educate I
For no equal opportunity:
(Talkin' 'bout my freedom) Talkin' 'bout my freedom
People freedom (freedom) and liberty!

Yeah, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long:
Rebel, rebel!
Yes, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long:
Rebel, rebel!

Babylon system is the vampire, yea! (vampire)
Suckin' the children day by day, yeah!
Me say: de Babylon system is the vampire, falling empire
Suckin' the blood of the sufferers, yea-ea-ea-ea-e-ah!
Building church and university, wo-o-ooh, yeah!
Deceiving the people continually, yea-ea!
Me say them graduatin' thieves and murderers
Look out now: they suckin' the blood of the sufferers (sufferers)
Yea-ea-ea! (sufferers)

Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth right now!
Come on and tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Come on and tell the children the truth

'Cause - 'cause we've been trodding on ya winepress much too long:
Rebel, rebel!
And we've been taken for granted much too long:
Rebel, rebel now!

(Trodding on the winepress) Trodding on the winepress (rebel):
Got to rebel, y'all (rebel)!
We've been trodding on the winepress much too long - ye-e-ah! (rebel)
Yea-e-ah! (rebel) Yeah! Yeah!

From the very day we left the shores (trodding on the winepress)
Of our Father's land (rebel)
We've been trampled on (rebel)
Oh now! (taken for granted)
Lord, Lord (rebel)
Go to rebel (rebel)

// Survival //

(Ow, ow-ow-ow-ow!
Ow, ow-ow-ow-ow!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
How can you be sitting there
Telling me that you care -
That you care?
When every time I look around
The people suffer in the suffering
In every way, in everywhere

Say: na-na-na-na-na (na-na, na-na!):
We're the survivors, yes: the black survivors!
I tell you what: some people got everything
Some people got nothing
Some people got hopes and dreams
Some people got ways and means

Na-na-na-na-na (na-na, na-na!):
We're the survivors, yes: the black survivors!
Yes, we're the survivors, like Daniel out of the lions' den
(Black survivors) Survivors, survivors!
So I Idren, I sistren
A-which way will we choose?
We better hurry; oh, hurry; oh, hurry; wo, now!
'Cause we got no time to lose
Some people got facts and claims
Some people got pride and shame
Some people got the plots and schemes
Some people got no aim it seems!

Na-na-na-na-na, na-na, na!
We're the survivors, yes: the black survivors!
Tell you what: we're the survivors, yeah! - the black survivors, yeah!
We're the survivors, like Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego
(Black survivors)
Thrown in the fire, but-a never get burn
So I Idren, I-sistren
The preaching and talkin' is done
We've gotta live up, wo now, wo now! -
'Cause the Father's time has come
Some people put the best outside
Some people keep the best inside
Some people can't stand up strong
Some people won't wait for long

(Na-na-na-na-na!) Na-na-na, na-na-na na!
We're the survivors
In this age of technological inhumanity (Black survival)
Scientific atrocity (survivors)
Atomic mis-philosophy (Black survival)
Nuclear mis-energy (survivors):
It's a world that forces lifelong insecurity (Black survival)

Together now:
(Na-na-na-na-na!) Na na-na na na! (Na na-na na na!)
We're the survivors, yeah!
We're the survivors!
Yes, the black survivors!
We're the survivors:
A good man is never honoured (survivors)
In his own country (Black survival)
Nothing change, nothing strange (survivors)
Nothing change, nothing strange (Black survivors)
We got to survive, y'all! (survivors)

// Ride Natty Ride //

Rub, rub, rubby-doo-day
Rum-pum-pum a-rum-pum-pum-pum!
Dready got a job to do
And he's got to fulfill that mission
To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah!
But-a we will survive in this world of competition
'Cause no matter what they do
Natty keep on comin' through
And no matter what they say-ay-ay-ay
Natty do them every day. Yeah!
Natty Dread rides again
Through the mystics of tomorrow
Natty Dread rides again:
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah!

All and all you see a-gwan
Is to fight against Rastaman
So they build their world on great confusion
To force on us the devil's illusion
But the stone that the builder refuse
Shall be the head cornerstone
And no matter what game they play
Eh, we got something they could never take away
We got something they could never take away:

And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
That's burning down everything:
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire)
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
No time to be deceived
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe:
Jah say this judgement - it could never be with water
No water can put out this fire (fire):
This fire (fire), this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! Ride, Natty, ride!
Go there, Dready, go there
'Cause now the fire is out of control
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Everywhere this fire is burning
Destroying and melting their gold
Destroying and wasting their souls

Go ride, Natty, ride!
Go there, Dready! Go there!

Tell you what: now the people gather on the beach
And the leader try to make a speech
But the Dreadies understandin' that it's too late:
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Natty Dread rides again (Natty Dread rides again)
And me saying, Go there, Dready! Go there! (go there, go there)
Oh ride, Natty, ride! (Dread rides again)
And go there, Dready! (Go there, go there)
Ridin' through the storm
Riding through the calm (go there, go there)
Oh ride, Natty, ride!
Go there, Dready, go there!
Ride, Natty, ride!
Go there, Dready, do there!

// Ambush In The Night //

(Ooh-wee, ooh-wee, ooh-wa!)
See them fighting for power (ooh-wee, ooh-wee, ooh-wa!)
But they know not the hour (ooh-wee, ooh-wee, ooh-wa!)
So they bribing with their guns, spare-parts and money
Trying to belittle our
Integrity now
They say what we know
Is just what they teach us
And we're so ignorant
'Cause every time they can reach us (shoobe, doo-wa)
Through political strategy (shoo-be, doo-wa)
They keep us hungry (shoobe, doo-wa)
And when you gonna get some food (shoobe, doo-wa)
Your brother got to be your enemy, we-e-ell!

Ambush in the night
All guns aiming at me
Ambush in the night
They opened fire on me now
Ambush in the night
Protected by His Majesty
Ooh-wee, ooh-wee. Ooh-wa-ooh!
(Ooh-wee) Ooh-wee, ooh-wee (ooh-wa), ooh-wa!
Ooh-wee, ooh-wee, ooh wa-ooh!
Ooh-wee, ooh-wee, ooh wa-ah!

Well, what we know
Is not what they tell us
We're not ignorant, I mean it
And they just cannot touch us
Through the powers of the Most-High (shoobe, doo-wa)
We keep on surfacin' (shoobe, doo-wa)
Through the powers of the Most-High (shoobe, doo-wa)
We keep on survivin'

Yeah, this ambush in the night
Planned by society
Ambush in the night
They tryin' to conquer me
Ambush in the night
Anything money can bring
Ambush in the night
Planned by society
Ambush in the night

// Wake Up And Live //

One, two, three, four!

Wake up and live, y'all
Wake up and live!
Wake up and live now!
Wake up and live!

Life is one big road with lots of signs
So when you riding through the ruts, don't you complicate your mind:
Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy!
Don't bury your thoughts; put your vision to reality, yeah!

All together now:
Wake up and live (wake up and live, y'all)
Wake up and live (wake up and live)
Wake up and wake up and live, yeah! (wake up and live now)
Wake up and (wake up and live) - wake up and live!
Rise ye mighty people, ye-ah!
There's work to be done
So let's do it-a little by little:
Rise from your sleepless slumber! Yes, yeah! Yes, yeah!
We're more than sand on the seashore
We're more than numbers
All together now:
Wake up and live now, y'all!
(Wake up and live) Wake up and live!
Wake up and live, y'all!
(Wake up and live) Wake up and live now!
You see, one - one cocoa full a basket
Whey they use you live big today: tomorrow you buried in-a casket
One - one cocoa full a basket, yeah, yes!
Whey they use you live big today: tomorrow you bury in-a casket

W'all together now:
(Wake up and live now!) Wake up and live! Oh! Yeah-eah!
(Wake up and live!) Uh!
(Wake up and live now!) Wake up and live!
(Wake up and live) Keep on playin'!
(Wake up and live, y'all) Uh! Yeah! Yeah!
(Wake up and live!)
(Wake up and live now!)
(Wake up and live!) Break it down!

Come on, man!
How is it feelin' over there?
(Wake up and live now) All right!
(Wake up and live!) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh!
Come on, man!
You gotta wake up and live!

Life is one big road in hands of time
So when you ride into the rust don't you complicate your mind
Free from the hate yeah
And even jealousy
Come bury your thought put your dreams to reality yeah

W'all together now:
(Wake up and live, y'all)
(Wake up and live!) Wake up and live, yea-eah!
(Wake up and live now!)
(Wake up and live!)
Wake up and live now!
(Wake up and live) Wo-oh!
Wake up and live now!
Wake up and live

