Album: SweetBitterLove

// All Night Long //

Never knew the softness of his tender kiss
Don't know if he's weak or strong
All I know is he's in every dream I dream
All night long

Mmm, never heard him speak a single word of love
Never knew his favorite song
Because he only speaks to me in dreams I dream
All night long

When I'm asleep
He tells me he's in love with me
And how much he needs me to be near
But at best, a dream is just a fantasy
If I touch his hand, he'll disappear

No, no, no, no, no

No, I don't need a lover that's just a memory
Fate, how could you be so wrong?
Now I've got to find a man who's haunting me
All night long

All night long
All night long
All night long

// Nobody Like You //

I've looked around all over town
And I'm so lonely and so blue
I've looked around and all over
But I can't find nobody like you, you, you, yeah

Now, it's all so lonely since you went away
And I don't know what to do
I've looked around all over, over
I just can't find nobody, nobody like you

Tears seem to fall when I'm away, oh, when I'm away from you
And I've tried to understand the reason why
And now I know it's all, it's all because I love you, I love you so much
My heart is yours until the day that I die

And oh, why don't you hold me
Hold me and never, never let me go?
Why don't you, why don't you love me, love me
And vanish all thoughts of sorrow?
I love you, I love you, just can't find nobody like you

// Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate The Positive //

Gather 'round me, everybody
Gather 'round me, while I preach some

The topic will be sin
And that's what I'm agin'
If you wanna hear my story
Then settle back and just sit tight
While I start reviewing
The attitude of doing right

You got to ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive
E-lim-i-nate the negative
And latch on to the affirmative
Don't mess with mister inbetween

You got to spread joy up to the maximum
Bring gloom down to the minimum
And have faith, or pandemonium
Liable to walk upon the scene

To illustrate my last remark
Jonah in the whale, noah in the ark,
What did they do, just when everything looked so dark? 
Man, they said, we better

Ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive
E-lim-i-nate the negative
And latch on to the affirmative
Don't mess with mister inbetween

// Skylark //

Skylark
Have you anything to say to me?
Won't you tell me where my love can be?
Is there a meadow in the mist
Where someone's waiting to be kissed?

Skylark
Have you seen a valley green with spring?
Where my heart can go a journeying
Over the shadows and the rain
To a blossom covered lane

And in your lonely flight
Haven't you heard the music in the night?
Wonderful music, faint as a will o' the wisp
Crazy as a loon, sad as a gypsy serenading the moon

Oh skylark
I don't know if you can find these things
But my heart is riding on your wings
So if you see them anywhere
Won't you lead me there?

Oh skylark
I don't know if you can find these things
But my heart is riding on your wings
So if you see them anywhere
Won't you lead me there?

// If Ever I Would Leave You //

If ever I would leave you, it wouldn't be in summer
Seeing you in summer, I never would go
Your hair streaked with sunlight, your arms red as flame
Your face with a luster that puts gold to shame

And if I'd ever leave you, it couldn't be in autumn
Just how I'd leave in autumn, I never, never would know
I've seen how you sparkle when fall nips the air
I know you in autumn and I must be there

Oh would I leave you running merrily, merrily, merrily through the snow?
Or on a wintry evening when you catch the fire's glow?

If ever I would leave you, it wouldn't be in springtime
Knowing how in springtime I'm bewitched, bewitched, bewitched by you so
Oh, no, not in springtime, summer, winter, or fall
If ever I would leave, leave you at all

