Album: OtherSongs

// 5 Fingers Of Death (Freestyle) //

[Intro: Sway]
DJ Wonder
We gon rock at least 5 beats, to show your versatility
What you're made of
You gotta rock 5 back, aiight?

[Childish Gambino]
As the world's turnin, I feel like I'm a worse person
My tongue's hurtin, from all of it's work cursin
And I'm not certain I think my father's LeVar Burton
'til I'm walkin in circles and I'm talkin in third person
In the eigth grade I got high off paper mache
I put it in my desk and I let it ferment a day
Cause shit, ain't nothin changed
I'm still known as a rude student
That'll walk inside your class and make fun of your school shootin
I could prove it; I'm too cool as a matter of fact
I've been writin these verses while I'm havin a heart attack
I'm in your bedroom crankin No Doubt and Staring Back
Stereo blaring, Gwen Stefani can holla black
I'm not black, I'm a white boy with dark skin
At a Klan rally wondering why they won't let me in
I'm drunk off this gin and I'm high off Ritalin
Fuck it, let me get to the next beat

[Sway]
Okay let's go, Donald Glover, Childish Gambino
Showin and provin, Sway in the Mornin, DJ Wonder!

[Childish Gambino]
Oooh, wow, yeah
I'm the nerdiest rapper ever, I'm wearin a Cosby sweater
and I'm reading Oscar Wilde rippin my foreskin to make a washable condom
A bunch of assassins tried to jump me, they couldn't touch me
I rolled off in a yellow Humvee, with a bunch of monkeys
My taste buds hate fudge, man, plus I'm allergic
I'ma dress up like a surgeon so I could hurt Curtis, on purpose
And girls see my dick size and they realize, that they can't handle it
I get more sodomy than Tommy Lee and Pam - Anderson?
With my doo-rag in my left hand
And my iPod and my Discman
I get more kicks out of it than Jean Claude Van Damme
And I'm still spittin, still hittin
(Big Pimpin') like Hova, yo, let me be the rap, run over
Yea, lemme go, lemme go

[Sway]
Next beat NEXT BEAT, Childish Gambino, Childish Gambino
(That was the shit!) 5 Fingers of Death
Let's go, Sway in the Mornin, Shade 45

[Childish Gambino]
Let me feel this one for a minute
Oh my God like reggaetone, or somethin like that?
Oh wow, uhh, uhh, uhh
Childish Gambino, yo this off the dome
I gotta keep it goin cause I came from home
Come from Rome, Athens, or Atlanta, Georgia
Got somethin for ya
Yes I got some smores cause I bore ya
Like I got that Goya
You know how they play reggaeton in the beats when you in NYC
Meaning that me and I'm sickest
Yo, aaahh!!! Real Monsters like Ickis
Yo, this chick that I used to lick it
Now her name Aubrey Plaza
I didn't mean to kick it, while I'm gettin salsa
Like I'm eatin salsa, cause she Puerto Rican
Some people speakin, like she ain't white
But you know that's alright cause I keep it tight

[Sway]
YES! Number four, number four, number four
Stand up man, get loose!

[Childish Gambino]
I'm tryin to get loose, tryin to get loose
Man this early in the mornin, I ain't had any coffee or anything like that
Uhh, uhh, hahahahahaha! (You go in or go out let's go)
Okay, here we go, yo
Nerdy word murderer in a purple convertible
Niggas ain't heard of him until his girlfriend converted him
Bitch niggaz is Ferguson, I guess I could explain it all
Like all these niggaz wanna bone cause you datin dogs
Or why the radio used to not play me
And why does every white girl love ukelele?
Where I'm from, that Jesus piece couldn't save me
and I'm still spittin shit cause I'm gettin like gravy
Eatin like mashed potatoes, I hate those
haters who say that I'm not black enough yo, you ain't wack
enough to fuckin touch my MC mic
You better keep it tight; eat a dick like you starvin homie

[Sway]
There you go! Childish Gambino
And we gonna check him out we got one more beat man
(Oh one more beat?) Cause it's a workout
(It's a workout, it's a freestyle)
A emcee workout, after this you ain't gotta prove nothin to nobody
This is it right here baby let's go!

[Childish Gambino]
Uhhh
Yo, on this last beat I'ma goner
Gotta spit over somethin hard, like Nirvana; and I'm crazy
With the beat when it comes to this
Spittin it, shittin it, while I'm lickin it
I ain't even need to get it
Man these other un-C's, they need to get it
Why this LL Cool J shit, yo I got pesos and mesos
Meaning I can only hack with they ghost
When they go there, when I go back
And I'm still that, I ain't backpack
But you know, with the fuck the rest
Yo they say that is lame like Johnye West
or Kanye West, but I ain't Kanye West
I'm just tryin to stay the truth
And I ain't tryin to spit the truth
Yo, I do what I gotta do in a booth with Sway
Shay45 all day, y'all know what I'm sayin

// All Night //

Life's a party, baby, do what you wanna do (whoa, ah)
It's all a party, baby, and I like to move with you
There's a rhythm, you can feel it, you my girl, then you mine
And if all you do it worry, you'll be running out of time
So what's the use, our time is ticking, what's your groove?

But just remember we 'gon do it (ohh, alright)
Get in this party, baby, do it (ohh, all night)
This is a one time function (ohh, alright)
Move at this party, we can do it (ohh, all night) Ray, ugh

Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)

This is the party baby, I wanna move with you
Try to enjoy yourself cause it might be over soon
Lost some friends at the party, had to leave early on
But we still gon' have a good time, gonna party break of dawn
So don't be you, cause all this party needs is you

But just remember we gone do it (ohh, alright)
Get in this party baby, do it (ohh, all night)
This is a one time function (ohh, alright)
Move at this party, we can do it (ohh, all night) hay-oh-oh

Sign your name on the line, signature or initial
More like a get together, nothing really official
Shark attack overdose, standing next to the edge
Trying to get that picture, you ain't taking a picture
You ain't in the moment, everything that they feed you is sweet
And that sugar corny, my flavor, they can't control it
This kind of party you can't move but then you 'gon break a move

But just remember they gon' do it
Get in this party, make 'em do it, baby
Baby this is a one time function, uh
Move at this party, we gon' do it
(Bring that sound in, ohh, ayo)

We gon' do it, get in this party, make you do it
This is a one time function, move at this party, we gon' do it
(Overtime)
We gon' do it, get in this party, make you do it (do-it-do-it-do-it)
This is a one time function
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Move at this party, we gon' do it
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Just remember we gon' do it
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)
Get in this party, make 'em do it
Ayo-ayo-ayo (ayo-ayo-ayo)

// Break (All Of The Lights) //

Turn on the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Know what I mean, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the-

Hollerin' at this Japanese girl, Asian mommy
But is it too soon for Japanese girls? Too tsunami?
Is it racist if I say she tastes like edamame?
Was I supposed to stay uncool? Please remind me

Yeah, it's Cheezy, ho
I'm so cheesy, ho, my swag's got high cholesterol
I know y'all girls, I met them all
You're her ex-man like Cannonball
I ain't got shit to say to ya, I'm known for bad behavior

Look at me
Man, I went to the W from Double Tree
Makin' out with girls who black and yellow like a bumblebee
Can I live up to all this hype they have for me? It's hard to tell
But these girls I'm kissin' chase the blues away like Gargamel

I'm back in the game, coach put me in
T-Pain flow, all I do is win
With a glass full of McCallan to mess me up
With the cash we can throw out unless we fuck

Dopeness

After this I hit the highway
I'm headin' west like I'm fuckin' blowin' Kanye
Read the fuckin' news, Huey Lewis, nigga
You can't go ham, you's a Jewish nigga

Donald Glover, you don't have to call me "Childish"
Except for when I'm flirting with your half-Latino stylist
Photoshoot, beachhouse playin' Beach House, free wireless
So I can post these pictures on my Web site of her smilin'

I kissed this girl I've liked since back when I was just a sophomore
But I'm afraid to text her "What the fuck it take so long for?! "
What the fuck has changed? It it swagger? Is it money?
I still dress the fuckin' same and my nose is still as ugly
As the day you fuckin' met me

They tellin' me I'm the rapper for these white kids
'Cause black kids can't possibly like the same shit
I wanna bring you back to the studio, try and get your number
These black girls with natural hair who keep up with their tumblrs

I like it when you tweet me, you smell like baby lotion
I wanna suck your breasts and finger blast to Frank Ocean
Her pussy tastes like vanilla, tasty ho
Clown niggas then I kill 'em, Gacy flow

It's crazy how these labels and these blogs are on my dick
I'm Pryor in his last years: comedian who's sick
Fuck, but I am sick, seriously, I don't feel so good
'Cause I don't get sleep, and I'm always travelin'
And I don't go home, and my friends don't call
'Cause I turned off my phone

I've made mistakes, I bumped my head
Inside of this girl, inside of my bed
Whatever, man, I'm just havin' fun
I'm sorry that I fucked her but now you know that she's not the one
I'm doin' you a favor, like every time I rhyme or write a script or do a movie
There's a million ways to shine, choose one

Instead of what you're doing tonight
I am Donald, coming soon, we got all of the lights

Turn on the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn on the lights in here, baby
Know what I mean, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the-

// Can You Feel The Love Tonight //

I can see what's happening (I can't. What?)
And they don't have a clue (Who's "they"?)
They'll fall in love and here's the bottom line
Our trio's down to two (Oh, I get it)
The sweet caress of twilight (Yep)
There's magic everywhere (It's everywhere)
And with all this romantic atmosphere
Disaster's in the air

Can you feel the love tonight?
The peace the evening brings
The world, for once, in perfect harmony
With all its living things

So many things to tell her
But how to make her see
The truth about my past? Impossible
She'd turn away from me

He's holding back, he's hiding
But what, I can't decide
Why won't he be the king I know he is
The king I see inside?

Can you feel the love tonight?
The peace the evening brings
The world, for once, in perfect harmony
With all its living things
Can you feel the love tonight?
You needn't look too far
Stealing through the night's uncertainties
Love is where they are

And if he falls in love tonight
It can be assumed
His carefree days with us are history
In short, our pal is doomed

// Centipede //

[Chorus:]
Oh... aye... oh...
Lost all of our, woe...
We lost all of our woe...
Oh, sad love songs...
Aye - centipede, centipede, centipede...

[Verse 1:]
'Bino, will you be my baby daddy?
I'm too fresh, man, the world ain't never had me
I'm too fresh, man, y'all ain't never gave me that
Stone Mountain, ain't no doubtin'
That these niggas won't hold me back
Ah, they wasn't hating him anyway
My roommate exercise, man, he movin' that heavyweight
My girl ain't down to ride, couldn't deal with my day-to-day
I'm at my grandma's house, man, like "I don't know what to say"
Maybe "I'm sorry", but sorry don't pay the rent
I promise to pay you back
And I don't know where he at
But tell him he missin' out
His grandson cool as fuck
And tell me who be standin' when them other ones giving up?
Let's keep it spontaneous... I don't need that rehearsal
More flow, man... than Progressive commercials
Get with the program, cause a plus loan ain't puttin' us on
I got month-long before I take the bus home...

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
I know this music shit ain't shit
And all these random niggas in my house make you anxious
And I ain't never told you that our love would be painless
But I was so in love with you I thought we could make it
Damn, I wasn't in it
Damn, we wasn't finished
Damn, I got us tickets
Damn, we went to Venice
Prioritize on our lives and made you into a business
That's why you wasn't surprised when I had made my decision
Gotta make it, 'cause if not I'm a failure, my wallet Azalea
And my brother still movin', ain't no shit I can tell him
Try and keep him out of trouble, but the cops is wildin'
And it's nice to have a fellah when the boys get violent
The Mexicans tried to jump me at the club
Funny thing was I thought they were stepping to show me love
Grandma's couch, my biggest fear and fantasy
When I ain't in her arms all I'm makin' is enemies
Here I'm screamin' obscenities at a nigga
Wanted to live bigger than Edenwald Projects
Was eatin' all concept of anyone walkin' out
What is you talkin' 'bout?
Gun Hill Road made them summers feel cold
On the same train that my parents met on
Twenty years later and my thoughts still ghetto
High off of pressure, man, that's a stiletto
Got your own couch now, but you don't feel better

[Chorus]

[Bridge:]
'Cause if not, I'm a failure...
'Cause if not, I'm a failure...
Oh...

[Outro:]
"It's not an unholy nigga, it's a Arab nigga in the store. You know what
He want? Money, nigga. You know what your bitch want, you know why they
Feel they can't fuck with you? Cause you don't have no money, my nigga.
Bitches do not want a nigga with no money. Did you not learn this in
Harlem? Lesson number one. You can't keep saying you a Harlem nigga and
You don't want that skrilla, nigga. Come on B, it's home of the
Hustlers, nigga. That's all you gotta understand. It's the hood nigga.
It's make guap or die, nigga."

"School him."

"What do you think? Cause he gotta know, my nigga. Money is not evil,
Nigga. Go tell them niggas in Polo you don't wanna make no money, nigga.
What they gon' say, "Oh, he right"? Hell no, nigga. You think niggas
Like selling crack and shit nigga? You think niggas like putting crack
In they ass nigga, and selling cracks out they ass? You think niggas
Like shooting niggas, my nigga? You think niggas like tucking packs? You
Think niggas like baggin up? You know how boring baggin' is, my nigga?
It's so boring, my nigga. There is no underground, Joe Budden is on his
Fourth mixtape selling shit. The underground is hot. There is no
Underground nigga. You don't see Raekwon or none of these niggas on the
Block. There's no more block, nigga, it's over for the block. You ask
Any nigga on the block, do they wanna be on the block? They gon' say no,
Nigga. Get your money, man. Stop tryin' to be gooned out.

"Hood niggas don't want to be-"

"Hood niggas don't want to be hood niggas, my nigga. Everything niggas
Do, everything niggas do in the hood is for money, my nigga. What's one
Thing that niggas do in the hood that isn't for money? What bitch would
Want a nigga with no money? Huh? Huh?! Yo, slime! It's your time."

// Drop (Remix) //

[Intro:]
(Childish in the building!) Uh-huh
A-hehehe! Okay, here we go

Yes I'm back to bat again, yes these rappers sad again
The beat is hot and grabbin them and holy shit like Vatican
Boy so sick he need a doctor in his condom
Don't worry about that hearsay, just worry about what I know
Cause I know how to rhyme though, I got these girlies wailin
Country's in my backyard, I'm Mr. Sarah Palin
Girls call me cutie pie but I don't really know them
Call me Mr. Facebook, because I superpoke them
Leave that pussy open, but only if you want it girl
We can play SF4, grab a controller girl
Callin me the prostitute, not cause I got a baby
They callin me the prostitute cause "Fuck you - pay me!"

[Chorus:]
Uh-huh; aiyyo
Y'all niggaz need to stop, stop, stop, stop
Uh-huh; okay, listen up - y'all heard this shit before
Y'all niggaz need to stop, stop, stop, stop
This the part of the song where uhh
somebody's supposed to come in, and talk and shit
But I don't talk
I just do baby

My turtleneck tucked in
I'm spittin shit like I'm Teddy Ruxpin with batteries in
I don't really eat words but I do eat carpet
A nigga stay down like I'm made of stock markets
I love to sport green like my last name Flanigan
I'm breakin up with girls over twitter like Aniston
cause ain't nobody know me but my momma and my daddy
My flow stay hot like I keep it in the attic
Put my cash in the freezer, cold Presidents
So I call them Frost Nixons, or Eskimo Clintons
Fuck with my pension, you 'bout to get yo' head lost
You gotta pay me double back and that's your overhead cost
Cause I'm the boss, and yes I stay sauced
And that creek in the cave, oh behave - bitch!

[Outro]
Uh-huh, let's do this
Keep it bouncin y'all; I gotta get outta here
Yo, y'know, it's C.G

// Eat Your Vegetables //

[Verse 1]
D-Money ho
All we do is tell them so
Why we look professional
And you look like a talent show
All we do is bank, royalty forever
Find a bad bitch, bring her home like a veteran
Make her waffles, with pecans
I'm eating, one free hand
Been saying that we roll with the illest
Like roaches in the kitchen, go and watch a nigga kill it
I'm a P-I-M-P, why we spelling
Cause there's K-I-Ds around
DeKalb County, where you at
If you with me, holla back
ATL done got them here
Bankhead Row turned Hollowell
Percocet's for my kinfolk
My girl look like Miss Info
Y'all been slow, I been told
Y'all Kinkos, copy ho
No I ain't drunk, I just text badly
Running through paper like a pep rally
When I'm in your city better get rowdy
I spit Downy, no shit 'bout me
Stone Mountain Georgia, got something for ya
Killing bars, I'm a lawyer
Baby drinking Goya, girl put your shades on
Man I die for my hood, Trayvon

[Hook]
D-Money, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em
D-Money, get em, get em, get em

[Verse 2]
He talk shit, he better not
Rap game, my wet spot
I fucked y'all, you fucked up
Like white girls with dreadlocks
So dread not, I rowboat
These hoes know, no photos
My girl ball like Lobo
Then she blow my Casey
And Jojos, where the fuck my money at
In the hood like I'm fixing a Pontiac
On deck with a gang of black Kennedies
Eight goons and they all got felonies
Still getting money like white folks
Still got quotes like Geico
I don't know French, that's my fruit
Never not funny like fat jokes
(Like when someone is like, "what happened to Chris?"
And you turn around and there's a fat guy that kind of looks like Chris
And you like, "oh shit" and laughing and shit)
And I'm back in this bitch
And I'm black and I'm rich
And I'm cashing it in for some fashion and sin
For some matching with them, yeah
Got a stank ho with me
Driving around and I run the whole city
Everybody know she got ten gold biddies
But nobody cares like it's J-Cole/Diggy
Jordon Diddy on my stereo
High on shrooms like Mario
Salvia, shamanic drugs
Fuck my life, they on to us
I'm fly as fuck

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Fuck y'all, I come hard
Like Spongebob, my friends stars
Like Friendster, nobody gonna remember you
Whack dudes, they like you
But only for a day or two
They hated you
From now on, like D-Money
Like faze on, I hate on that
Lame song they play on, that play on
I can't take, royalty
On my shit, on my dick
I can't wait
Toe to toe, I bang shit
Homophobes on gay shit
You don't know the hoes I hang with
My bungalow's like Vegas
Had a couple million but I put them in her stomach
She like, "oh my god, I'm coming"
I kiss her neck and she love it
Yeah we got a safe word, so we never use it
And I'm hiding all these bruises in a shirt I got from Houston
Got her using the acoustics
In my cruiser's new Isuzu
And who knew I'd be on Hulu with two dudes I used to Google
I'm frugal with time, every girl's a dime
When your bank account's mine

[Hook]

// Exhibit C //

I am so different being me is like the lottery

I am so on like the tv when you fall asleep

Niggers making Pottery, 
But I broke the bowl now my shit has got em dancing like a baby ?oaken pull?

yes I got a lust for life, and I drink my weight in whiskey
and these hoes are acting different cause I'm Rich Comma Richie
These friends are iffy, they're alcoholic geniuses
I think they hang around until I'm drunk and buy them guinness's
I gotta drink my medicine, to cover what's inside of me
I'm still fucked up from the days nobody liked me
I'm lying just a little when I say that I don't give a fuck you know I gotta give a fuck

You know I gotta give a fuck

My face is broken out

My shirt is hand me down

This kid named Vincent want to take my shirt and lay me out

I'm trying to fit in like a fat bitch in her shoe size
It's funny how I'm flier now that witches on their broom rides
I always thought these new cloths, 
were the potion

cause I never felt that good in my own skin
its probably cause I'm the only black kid in my school
and when I meet another black kid, they tell me I'm a fool

cause I wear these tight cloths,
tight jeans,
tight shirts
Yeah I stay tight, 
like these girls that make my dick hurt

Yeah I'm self concious, 
go ahead laugh it up, 
cause I dig deep and pull something out to back it up
they told my ass to blacken up

what the fuck are you

you don't even say shit 
quit writing gay shit

now when they see me, have to squint like asians

cause I'm to bright like an old night light
when I do not talk I am being po-lite

rap all night

act all day

momma so scared Ima waste away

I don't have time to sleep, 
I don't have time to eat
these niggas got time to do everything but be unique
I gotta do me like I'm jerking to a mirror

I am just a rapper, 
can't make it clearer

to every kid in a world full of pain

please give a listen to this song and my name

Childish Gambino, We are all children

I am just a murderer, Man I just killed this

// For Your Love (Freestyle) //

I do not talk, I AM JUST A RAPPER
I AM JUST A RAPPER

Gambino keep it jumpin, these nigga don't know nothin
I keep a girl shaky like her pussy lips is krumpin
It's that dude that don't say shit, leave the ad-libs at the door
because I am just a (wrapper) like the condoms on my floor
Nigga look at me - man, yeah I'm all geeked out
Got the tortoise shell frames, Tom Ford pea coat
I'm a lot more dope, I'm a lot more fly
And my wallet stay fat, but I starve my tie
Yeah, these girls loose change, gotta spend those dimes
Haven't seen real niggas in a long-ass time
Nigga I'm so stange, so weird, unusual
Sippin on that whiskey, it's a brain cell funeral
I'll tell you why I'm different, I do this like a nun
Cause I don't give a fuck, I do this shit for fun
A nigga (All That) like I'm hanging out with (Kel)
Yes I hit her G-spot, so I ring her Taco Bell
I got a lot of swagger, lets me get away with all of it
like I ate a turd, real shit is all a nigga spit
I don't play around with these women I might fuck a bitch
The game's a corporation and yo' nigga's Erin Brockovich
I'm murdering this beat, as if nobody was watchin me
Rappin over Grizzly Bear and now these hipsters sponsor me
My mouth is this good, just imagine what my dick can do
Force Feed Radio, bitch that's what you listenin to!

My girl wears Pampers, I fuck the shit out of her
'Bout to blow up, yeah my swag is the Challenger
These (Scrubs) are reclusive, (J.D.), Salinger
March on these niggaz like they fuckin with the calendar
If I wasn't this good, how the fuck did I get this far?
Gambino stay fly - so (Up) I'm Pixar
Hold up dude, I think you made a mistake
Don't forget to mention me with Wale, Cudi and Drake
Bitch!

// Free At Last //

[Childish Gambino:]
Free at last, free at last, free at last
Now I'm free at last, free at last

Hair smell like that OG, write verse on no sleep
Can't breathe, it's so deep, can't breathe, it's so deep
Nosebleeds are your seats
Courtside, with a girl with an ass like a horse ride
And she bad for my heart like a pork rind, heart attack
Tell that nigga I was poor and I ain't goin' back
But now I'm richer, all I need's a fuckin' almanac
Somebody check the time, been gone for a minute
Somebody check the dick, I've been long for a minute
Sean Paul for a minute, man gimme the light
I'm prayin' that these niggas don't see me tonight
I'm prayin' that a bitch start actin' right
I make movies, dude, I'm at Arclight
The Han Solo neck, the fro's carbonite
The carbon era, Arm & Hammer socialite
Two shots for y'all, too drunk to call
I sent an email, the text was too long
I'm waitin' outside, you're takin' too long
To take you to the club to get your groove on, I hate the club
I'm sittin' in the booth with the vapor, burn through the paper
My life is on purpose, you must be mistaken
I butcher these rappers, just bring home the bacon
Ah, shit, I hurt myself, lines so fire, man I burnt myself
Self-immolate like Tibetan super sepen
Suckin' a dick when I'm finished, pause, kittens
I ain't a player, I just stunt a lot, I ain't old, I just done a lot
Watchin' these women count calories
So why they still eatin' my Captain D's?
My architect has to learn Japanese
Nah, nah, they can't hold me
The crowd goes mild, lost in the world that was gone for a while
There's a coke in her smile
Model diet, he is who he says man, I don't buy it, I don't buy it
I don't really know, 'til the fat lady sing so Figaro
'Til my fans all sayin', oh, you didn't know?
Turnt up on the worst stuff, smoke one with a hurt lung
I'm at the drive thru with a no IQ nigga sayin'
Serve somethin', serve somethin'

Free at last, free at last, free at last
Now I'm free at last, free at last

// Get Like Me //

Dude with a hoodie and hair in cornrows
With a dick size bigger than niggas in pornos
That satisfy cause they know that I care physically
I walk inside the party and know I'm the man instantly
I hate bars, I can't stand the clubs neither
I'm not dancing I'm fuckin havin a seizure
A lyrical legend lately lot a punks wish they
Got that ice needed for niggas to call them pimps; bull shit
I bite niggas heads off call me alligator
I wear bright clothes like a pack of now and laters
My hood is darth vader, cause that's my light saber
And my golf socks will prolly make your eyes dilated
Pimp juice concentrated, my swagger fresh squeezed
And them haters can't stand it cause they got weak knees
Treat banks like restaurants pass the cheese please
I'm the bees knees I got little kids sayin like:
Get Like me
Get get like me

My flow is retarded, call me rainman
Cause I make it rain man!
My hoodie print bright like a fuckin toucan!
What's the frequency ken?
Kickin it with french girls like the can-can
We can be friends, call me adam
Cause I am the man.
Let me put it like this
Rappin ain't easy, there's only bein weezy and jeezy, kanyeeze
Boys wanna be me, but my swaggers off the heezy
Call me crime mob, I run the big apple like my names Steve Jobs
My shoes custom made, white top bright green
My pants top shelf so I call em' high jeans
My clock is sick like the hospital
So if you somebody bobb'n street I'm probably responsible
If I got some extra dough, I'm bout to buy these kiddies a bunch of ice cream
Not the food, but the shoes so they walkin down the street like
Get like me
Get get like me

// Girls Look Better //

[Intro/Chorus: Childish Gambino]
Girls look better in a real tight sweater [5X]
Girls girls look better in a real tight sweat
Girls look better in a real tight sweater
Tight sweater, tight-ti-ti, tight sweater [2X]
Girls look better in a real tight sweater [2X]
Girls girls look better in a real tight sweater

[Childish Gambino]
Girls look better in a real tight sweater
Gambino on the mic make the pussy much wetter
Try to get the girls, call the guy go getter
Tight jeans and Converse sneakers (tight sweater)
No cheddar, go home in a rogue letter
It's a college center, so my financial aid's better
You better dead her, yo that girl's goin crazy
She got a twinkle in her eye like she wants to have a baby
Maybe I should call her up on a Saturday
Take her to a dinner and a movie, Braves game, maybe
we can call her up again
You lookin good girl, you should bring your friends
And I don't really talk shit, I'm a douche and a bad rapper
I'd act faster, but my tongue's in a black plaster
If your girl shops in sizes that are too small let her
cause girls look better in a real tight sweater

[Chorus]

// Heartbeat (Remix) //

[Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X]
I wanted you to know, that I am ready to go
Heartbeat, my heartbeat
I wanted you to know, whenever you are around
Can't speak, I can't speak

[Childish Gambino]
I know what your boy like
Skinny tie and a cuff tight
He go and make breakfast
You walk around naked
I might just text you
Turn your phone over
When it's all over, no settling down
My text go to your screen, you know better than that
I come around when you least expect me
I'm sittin at the bar when your glass is empty
You thinkin that the song's coming on to tempt me
I need to be alone like the way you left me
You start callin, you start cryin
I come over, I'm inside you
I can't find you; the girl that I once had
But the sex that we have isn't half bad
The text say that "It's not fair"
That's code for "He's not here"
And I'ma flirt with this new girl
And I'ma call if it don't work
So we fuck 'til it come to conclusions
All the things that we thought we was losing
I'm ghost and you know this
That's why we broke up in the first place; cause

[Chorus]

[Olson]
Hab dir ein Schloss gebaut aus Luft
Zwischen Wodkarausch und Clubs
Es ist Schrott gehauen nach so vielen Versprechen
Mit diesen zwei Händen
Steh nicht mal auf eigenen Beinen, doch auf den Gästelisten der Stadt
Habe Tag und Nacht was zu feiern, doch weiß beim besten Willen nicht was
Zerspreng die Panzerketten
Bestell die Tanztabletten
Streu so viel Zucker in die Wunden bis das Salz nicht mehr brennt
Hab einen großen Palast
Dir so nobel vermacht
Und dann in eisiger Nacht
Aus eigener Kraft in den Boden gestampft
Wache steht's in fremden Betten auf
Such den Weg ins fremde Treppenhaus
Setz ein eklig fremdes Lächeln auf
Und geh dann mit den ewig selben Sätzen raus
Du rufst an und ich mach das Handy aus
Und ich weiß wie es dich zerreißt
Und na klar vermiss ich dein Lächeln auch
Doch am meisten vermiss ich meins
Damit du weißt

[Chorus]

[Childish Gambino]
It's late night Thursday
I know that you heard me
But you don't want the same thing
Well two can play that game
So I'm chillin with my girlfriend
But she not my real girlfriend
She got a key to my place but
she's not my real girlfriend
Stupid, so dummy
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin
I'm paranoid that these girls want somethin from me
And it's hard to make a dime go one hundred
And my dude freakin out over a worse fate
She on time, but she late for they first date
Cause he went and tried out all new condoms
Slipped off in a threesome, good problems?
Right? Wrong; askin him if she wanna play games
with the (Super Smash Bros.) but none of 'em you
I miss the sex when you kiss whenever you through
Sixty-nine is the only dinner for two
I was wrong, but would you have listened to you?
Uh, you were crazy
I got a heart, but the artichoke
is only thing girls want when you in that smokin light

[Chorus]

// I'm A Boss (Freestyle) //

See I be riding through my old hood, same old attitude
Chillin with your girlfriend, why she always mad at you
She be like "blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah"
Only time that she quiet, when my thing is inside her
Don't you know I'm a writer
Yeah, I sleep in her stomach
And I slip her a 50, just to keep her 100
Yeah, my swaggers so dummy
We so stupid, so silly
I watch them girls getting lower than a kick in the milli
Gambino, why you got a gold chain?
Cause girls only gonna see you when you stuntin, man
I'm coming back, swag on Rogaine
Girl let me see your two chains on it
So hood, man what you talking bout
Man, I'm watching Law and Order on my grandma's couch
Eating Lucky Charms for dinner
Loser to a winner
Swag so Clippers
Me and Blake Griffin
Me and Blake Griffin
Why your goals dripping
You even seen ballers like us po' pimping
Ha, we getting drunk like a Kennedy
Ha, we stay fly like the end of Grease
Yeah, I got O's like CP3
Don't worry, don't worry, don't you worry 'bout me
I'm only worried when that period's on CPT
When that period's on CPT

// It's On //

Okay what's up my nigga
Word up to seven figures
My swag is always capital, it live in north Virgina
Bino on a hood beat, ain't know he had it in him
I came on this beat, I ain't even buy it dinner
Slide inside the party late, leaving with the baddest ho
Whiskey shots and doin Asian bitches is the status quo
The future's always coming, whether clitoral or vaginal
I'm always in that pussy like my jacket made of calico
It's on, I made this shit for New Years
Play this shit at midnight, like TV shows with boobies
My asthma status chronic, you can get an ounce of that
Real G's only, don't fuck up my alphabet
I'm as real as I'm a get, loser who got confident
Attracted to an awkward bitch, but mostly cause we're opposites
Blew up in 0-10 like tick, tick boom
No drugs at the club, I'm a slip shit through
Came hard on this bitch, my dick did too
Here's a list of the shit I'm addicted to
Like, weed, whiskey, sometimes ex
But that is only when I'm drunk and call her up to have sex
These girls I fuckin now see my dick as a blank check
So I only sign my name and dot my 'I's on her chest, Yes
What y'all really want What ya'll really want, now
Black guy on Mad Men. I'm telling ya'll it's goin down
Ring around the Ros'e, these bitches love to fall down
Sober girls, broke niggas, tell em that they not allowed
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, let me tell you how it's on
Who the fuck you think this bitch is leaving with?
Cause one of us is famous like 'She and Him'
Wasn't cool in high school, but that's expected with geniuses
My music goes hard, bang shit like gay penises
My DJ be Sosupersam
She Asian, fuck that Klu Klux Klan
I love these clothes, that's who I am My name means fashion, Gucci mane
We are not exclusive, I hope she understand me
Chris Brown pussy, it won't make it to the Grammys
Finally met your girlfriend, that is why her knees hurt
Been to hell and back and all I got's this fuckin T-shirt
Laughing while mackin these ho
Vastly these rappers are slow
Asking to get back in the know
Cause they lacking a passionate flow
Trust in Gambino, he has never failed us
Cause I have got "S" plus what a dog's tail does
I read your blogs, fuck that fag
I'm like, LOL, hash tag rap
DC be spittin Jigga
He white, but he my nigga
My shit be grown man
Your shit be kitty litter
I always do it bigger

// Jump Hi //

[Intro:]
Jump so high

[Verse 1 - Lion Babe:]
Tie me down, try to hold me up
But the wall ain't high enough
They play so hard
In a game so rough
But I still can't
Give it up

[Hook:]
I'm out here on my own
Work but I got to get some
Run right into the sun
Ohhh (jump so high)
(so high)
I jump so high (so high)
I jump so high (so high)
I got it right (so high, high, high)
I jump so high (so high)
I jump so high (so high)
I got it right

[Verse 2 - Lion Babe:]
Find your light
In the darkest sky
And the stars burn
Inside our eyes
Cutting through the haze
To our glory days
We won't give up
Never too late

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Childish Gambino:]
Yeah, we finally made it, you know they hate it, I swear to God
Knowing where you are made you into a star
Made you into the man, no one else like this
Before the house was a house, it was on my wrist
It's the island life, yeah mahalo bitch
Went from ashy to classy, I'm aloe rich
I stay Aloe Blacc, man, Bino back
Man he never left, I smoke loud, I'm deaf
Your smoke plead the fifth, I know the glory
They hate on your shine because they know the story
Thrown to the wolves but your drive so Mowgli
I could drive through the hood and them, boys, they know me
Is he one of the greatest? Time will tell
But time is relative, they assume the melanin
And they kill the culture, this might insult ya
White man can't jump, and I (jump so high)

[Hook]

// Lust For Life //

[Childish Gambino - singing]
Oh, I wish I had a boyfriend
I wish I had a loving man in my life
I wish I had a father
Maybe then I woulda turned out right
But now I'm just crazyyy, and totally mad
Yeah I'm just crazyyy, fucked up in the head
And maybe if I really tried with all of my heart
then I could make a brand new start in love with you
Ohhhhh
Oh I wish I had a suntan
I wish I had a pizza and a bottle of wine
I wish I had a beach house
then we could make a big fire every night
But now I'm just crazyyy, and totally mad
Yeah I'm just crazyyy, fucked up in the head
And if I really tried with all of my heart
then I could make a brand new start in love with you
In love with you
Ohhhhh

[Childish Gambino - rapping]
Listen to my mouth, nigga I meant it
Don't fuck with me 'less you want your swag pregnant
A nigga bad grammar, I run on sentence
I am just a rapper so I don't need practice
I am just different, I eat/sleep genius
Forever I Love Atlanta, I stunt these FILAS
Swag celibate, I don't fuck with these bitches
Smoke these niggaz, turn 'em all Swishers
Can't make up my mind I gotta fuck both sisters
and my flow is retarded, I spit autism
Got that shit to make ya bounce like Tigger
Cause I am more childish than "good job" stickers
Your girl's in the room so I don't have any jeans on
We are at war, so my wallet is the green zone
We can do this shit, any time, anywhere
And you know you aren't me and I know it isn't fair
Yeah these niggaz apple trees, they need to grow a pair
I balled in the store, but nigga I got hair
And as soon I got here, the girls act different
But I don't have to act, I've been different for a minute
Motherfucker! Ay, ay, ay
Ay, ay, ay, ay
Ay, ay, ay, ay
Ay, ay, ay, yo

// Otis (Freestyle) //

I'm Childish Gambino
INES and FOXY Show
She-Ra, you suck bad!
Ay, here we go
As the world's turnin, feel like I'm a worse person
My tongue's hurtin, from all of this work cursin
And I'm not certain, I think my father's LeVar Burton
'til I'm walkin in circles and I'm talkin in 3rd person
In the 8th grade I got high on paper mache
I put it in my desk and I let it ferment a day
Because ain't nuttin changed, I'm still known as a rude student
that'll walk inside your class and make fun of your school shootin
I can prove it! I'm too cool as a matter of fact
I been writin these verses while I'm having a heart attack
I'm in your bedroom, crankin on out and staring back
Stereo blarin, Gwen Steffani can holla black
I'm not black, I'm a white boy with dark skin
at a Klan rally wonderin why they won't let me in
She-Ra, I'm coming straight for ya
I hope you know that I'm on ya
D to the O's got a flow like, menstrual cycles
Change my face every year like Michael...
Jackson, cause I'm packin heat
I got the fuckin beat and a fuckin lead
Drippin on you motherfuckers all the time
I bust guts like I bust a rhyme
I bust nuts like I'm Busta Rhymes
And I ain't even gotta do it, I ain't have the time
On (Community) - what you do to me?
Fly girls wanna get inside my booty
... or is it the other way around?
Cause I'm skatin on a skateboard, drivin downtown
In Peachtree, Atlanta Stone Mountain 'til I die
E-40 got nothin on this
horny motherfucker from the Stone Mountain Georgia
Got somethin for ya, yeah that freestyle was torture
I'm done

[Outro]
(YAYYYY! You forgot the INES and Foxy Show)
I didn't! I said INES and Foxy (yeah)
at the beginning, didn't I?
(With open, with open pants)
With open pants! I freestyled (I told you!)
with my underwear out, it did feel freer
(Yeah, of course) I gotta be honest
Okay, that felt better

// Redbone (DJ Mustard Remix) //

[YG:]
Mustard on the beat, ho

[Childish Gambino:]
Daylight
I wake up feeling like you won't play right
I used to know, but now that shit don't feel right
It made me put away my pride
So long
You made a nigga wait for some, so long
You make it hard-for-boy like that to go on
I'm wishing I could make this mine, oh

But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin' (Oooh)
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now don't you close your eyes

Too late
You wanna make it right, but now it's too late
My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid
I'm trying not to waste my time

If you want it, oh
You can have it, you can have it
If you need it
You better believe in something
We can make it
If you want it
You can have it, aaaaah!
But stay woke

But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin'
Put your hands up on me
Ooh, now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now, don't you close your eyes
But stay woke, ooh
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin', ooh
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now, don't you close your eyes
But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin'
Put your hands up on me
Ooh, now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now, don't you close your eyes

// Saturday //

God, this 9 to 5 just keep on killing me
I wanna leave this place like all the time
Talking to my boss, he just can't feel the dream
That's the chance to let me blow your mind

Can't take a break (and you know that's right)
Money is tight (and you know that's right)
It's on my mind
Can't break away (and you know that's right)
Money is tight (and you know that's right)
It's on my mind

When the feeling gotcha
You can't even hide it, acting so intoxicated
When you text me, "hold on"
You will be there—girl, just hold on, uh!

Saturday, all I wanna do is make you dance, girl
And all of mine
Saturday, all I wanna do is make you dance, girl
And all of mine

Ooh, aye
Give it to me now
Woo, aye
Uh, aye, aye, aye

God, this 9 to 5 just keep on killing me
Tryna leave this place like all the time
Oh, my aching bones, they just keep killing me
Can't afford to have them spend my dime, hey

When the feeling gotcha
You can't even hide it, acting so intoxicated
When you text me, "hold on"
I will be there—girl, just hold on, uh!

Saturday, all I wanna do is make you dance, girl
And all of mine
Saturday, all I wanna do is make you dance, girl
And all of mine

// Stay High (Childish Gambino Version) //

I already feel like doing it again, honey
'Cause once you know, then you know
And you don't wanna go
Back to wherever it is that you come from, yeah

I just want to stay high with you

'Cause where I come from
Everybody frowns and walks around
With that ugly thing on their face
And where I come from
We work hard and grind and hustle all day
(Yes, we do)
There comes a time, there comes a time
At night, where we get to play
And we smile and laugh and jump and clap
And yell and holler and just feel great

I just want to stay high with you
With you, with you

So, don't question my state of mind
I'm doing wonderful, just fine, thank you
(Thank you)
Everything is everything and everything is beautiful
(How did you get like that?)
See, all I do is keep it cool and don't worry 'bout what everyone is doing
I already feel like doing it again, honey

I just want to stay high
I just want to stay high
I just want to stay high 
With you
With you
With you
With you
With you
With you

// Summertime Magic //

You feel like summertime
You took this heart of mine
You be my valentine in the summer
In the summer
You are my only one
Just dance and having fun
Out in the shining sun of the summer
Of the summer

Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I love you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
Put no one else above you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I need you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do

Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I love you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
Put no one else above you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I need you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do

Is it summertime magic
That makes me wanna dance all night long?
It's just summertime magic
Make me feel this way
Got me hold up girl
Oh, don't mind world
Baby girl
My whole world
You feel like summertime
(Oh yes you do)
You took this heart of mine
(You know you did)
You be my valentine in the summer
In the summer

Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I love you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
Put no one else above you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I need you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
All I wanna do is let you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
I love you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
Put no one else above you
Do love me, do love me, do
Do love me, do love me, do
It's just summertime, it's just summertime magic

// The Backroom (Freestyle) //

Street niggas, hood rats, ladies and gentlemen
Childish Gambino greater than sign everyone
Apples to oranges, Jay Leno to Letterman
Got a cool whip and my girl ass gelatin
Fake niggas back in style naw never that
If I'm wrong, see you in hell with hella cash
God dammit we the boys with the illest rain
Royalty forever and the rest is just a silly game
Still wonderin' how to work your girlfriend's clitoral
Still makin' money off of 30 Rock residuals
Money changes everything, these girls are always down to ride
Especially if you keep they noses gentrified
Money off of curse words, I hope my momma proud of me
Man I done it all, so I guess we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's projects to privates
Now you understand my fuckin' mindset, let 'em know

// The Hour (Upular Remix) //

I do not talk, I AM JUST A RAPPER
It's the kid with the voice
Hipster kids are like "fuckin NOICE!"
"How the fuck did he do this shit?"
"This song's been out for like fifteen minutes," yeah I did it
Mr. Incredible, when everybody's special, no one is
So I guess I'm "So Much Better"
That's my song like girls with tight sweaters, get it?
That one's for the fans, Purell on my hands
This nigga stay dirty like two trash cans
I'm dope in white hoods not Ku Klux Klan
I'm dope in black hoods not the dope man
That cocaine! You don't even know me like, Steve Urkel
That was a prototype, now I'm flexin, like the radio
And I used to be (Slim) like (Shady) though
Now I'm so fat, that's a true fact
Got balls like I grew a new nutsac
Girls go nuts, when I drive by
Gotta hide my dick, Lady GaGa
It's (A Bug's Life) for these other guys
I'm a giant, I don't compromise
Been down with these dudes like a comforter
Only direction to go then is up for me
I do not talk, I'm a rapper
Beat rapist, I attack it
And this rap game? It's a racket
And these fake dudes still tryin to crack it
Do Pixar, do your own thing
Then get signed, by Disney
It's hard work, but it's easy
In other words, just be me
Love life so bad I would die for it
And I wouldn't trade an eye for an eye for it
Hip-hop's little brother, on top but undercover
with a girl and we see each other
but we don't date, there's a difference
Cause I don't get gifts like Christmas
Bambi is the man of the hour
The decade, the century, the millenium
"That doesn't even rhyme." "Yeah it does!"

// The Longest Text Message //

Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Nobody really wants ya.

[Verse 1:]
First off, let me say I'm drunk off of shitty wine.
So, I probably used the b word a couple times.
I used to love your fucking mouth, you had enough of mine.
But what's the reason for, you never gave me any sign.
When we were making out, you kinda act like it was nothin'.
Like you were doing it to prove you could do it or somethin'.
You know I'm fine with getting fucked by girls who are my friends.
You fucked me in that different way. I guess it all depends.
Texting on my day off. "Hey babe, what's going on?
Sorry I can't make it out." Sad face, emoticon.
It's funny how I see you with these bad boys you hanging on.
I told you, I'm a soldier, need a girl scout to tag along.
Face down, ass up. That's the way you left me.
I thought there was a sparkle. We were missing Lisa Leslie.
"You know it's fucking childish to write a song to get me! "
I'm always fucking childish. You knew that when you met me.

[Chorus:]
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Nobody really wants ya.

[Verse 2:]
You ain't that fine bitch, what the fuck you heard?
I love these shitty ass chicks. I guess I'll never learn.
I hate it when you think you're really getting something good.
And you don't listen to your dudes when you really should.
I got so many fucking girls, I can't even count 'em.
There's probably six or seven girls who think this song's about 'em.
Never kiss in public, but at home I am affectionate.
Fucking bitches left and right, my dick is ambidextrous.
I know you're probably texting these lyrics to your friends
Saying, "this nigga think he all that, he fucking sucked in bed."
Well, uh... I think we both know that I worked that ass.
I hope your dude can keep it stretched... yoga class.
I'm trying hard not to use a specific reference,
But you'll probably know it's you after the first sentence.
So, let me quit while I'm ahead like a penis.
If I never was in love with you I hope you know I'm meaning it.

[Chorus: x2]
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God... I swear to God, I am.
Nobody really wants ya.

Nobody really wants ya...
Nobody really wants ya...
Nobody really wants ya.
Wants ya [echoes out]

// The Stand //

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
Nigga, this who I am

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
And I hope that you understand

I be ridin' forever [x8]

Yeah!
Childish Gambino
Hot as Nevada, Reno
Niggas, they say, "what he know? "
Give me five like I'm Tito
I never touched a kilo
Opposite Al Pachino
I keep a Lightsaber like I fuck around with Greedo
It's time to be a grown-up
Nigga get your ownuh
See a nigga rollin'
Riding on diplomas
Damn this beat is so nuts
Thank you, MC DJ
Yeah, my mouth is nasty
Like I gave a BJ
I don't give a fizzuck
If niggas are out of lizzuck
This nigga is off the hizzook
Like walking out a prison
For me, I see a vision
You're fucking with ambition
Casino money like Navajo
Their money says, "Geronimo"
My money comes in lotto dough
Be me on the other tit
Call me Mr. Masturbate
Tighter than your jerkin' grip
You looser than some turkey neck
Haters need to listen up
My attitude's a prostitute who broke
Cause she don't give a fuck

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
Nigga, this who I am

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
And I hope that you understand

I be ridin' forever [x8]

OK!
The game is afoot (What?)
The mystery's at hand (OK)
We like to pilfer podiums, in other words we take a stand (Ah, shit)
We make a plan, attack that jam like it was Afghanistan (Charge)
We like to ride our bikes, mother fuck a mystery van (Ruh-Roh)
Stop and listen be shopliftin' 'pocalyptic Stephen King [Maniacal laugh]
I take a stand, fuck the man
Now will you please pull dat string (Pull the string)
I need your case and a dime
But we also take Fruit Roll-Ups (whoop whoop)
Takin' a bite out of crime, so all criminals better hold up (Freeze, dirt-bag)
I be ridin' forever
Like a vampire on a bus [Laugh]
Like a roller-coaster tester [Scream]
I be ridin' till I bust
I got my magnifying glass
My bike matches my cup
Watch my seekers eat pedal
You can dine on my dust
Whatever it is we can handle
But we really don't do murder
Fuck up suspects, gather clues
Then we break for a cheeseburger [chomp]
No shit Sherlock, mad like murdock
If there's a mystery goin' on
Be in it like Robin Williams shillin' Good Morning, Vietnam. (Nanu, nanu, nanu, nanu...)

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
Nigga, this who I am

Good morning!
I gotta take a stand
Nigga, this who I be
And I hope that you understand

I be ridin' forever [x8]

// This Is America //

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away

We just wanna party
Party just for you
We just want the money
Money just for you
I know you wanna party
Party just for me
Girl, you got me dancin' (yeah, girl, you got me dancin')
Dance and shake the frame
We just wanna party (yeah)
Party just for you (yeah)
We just want the money (yeah)
Money just for you (you)
I know you wanna party (yeah)
Party just for me (yeah)
Girl, you got me dancin' (yeah, girl, you got me dancin')
Dance and shake the frame (you)

This is America
Don't catch you slippin' up
Don't catch you slippin' up
Look what I'm whippin' up
This is America (woo)
Don't catch you slippin' up
Don't catch you slippin' up
Look what I'm whippin' up

This is America (skrrt, skrrt, woo)
Don't catch you slippin' up (ayy)
Look at how I'm livin' now
Police be trippin' now (woo)
Yeah, this is America (woo, ayy)
Guns in my area (word, my area)
I got the strap (ayy, ayy)
I gotta carry 'em
Yeah, yeah, I'ma go into this (ugh)
Yeah, yeah, this is guerilla (woo)
Yeah, yeah, I'ma go get the bag
Yeah, yeah, or I'ma get the pad
Yeah, yeah, I'm so cold like yeah (yeah)
I'm so dope like yeah (woo)
We gon' blow like yeah (straight up, uh)

Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
You go tell somebody
Grandma told me
Get your money, Black man (get your money)
Get your money, Black man (get your money)
Get your money, Black man (get your, Black man)
Get your money, Black man (get your, Black man)
Black man

This is America (woo, ayy)
Don't catch you slippin' up (woo, woo, don't catch you slippin', now)
Don't catch you slippin' up (ayy, woah)
Look what I'm whippin' up (Slime!)
This is America (yeah, yeah)
Don't catch you slippin' up (woah, ayy)
Don't catch you slippin' up (ayy, woo)
Look what I'm whippin' up (ayy)

Look how I'm geekin' out (hey)
I'm so fitted (I'm so fitted, woo)
I'm on Gucci (I'm on Gucci)
I'm so pretty (yeah, yeah)
I'm gon' get it (ayy, I'm gon' get it)
Watch me move (blaow)
This a celly (ha)
That's a tool (yeah)
On my Kodak (woo, Black)
Ooh, know that (yeah, know that, hold on)
Get it (get it, get it)
Ooh, work it (21)
Hunnid bands, hunnid bands, hunnid bands (hunnid bands)
Contraband, contraband, contraband (contraband)
I got the plug en Oaxaca (woah)
They gonna find you that blocka (blaow)

Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
America, I just checked my following list and
You go tell somebody
You mothafuckas owe me
Grandma told me
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (get your, Black man)
Get your money, Black man (get your, Black man)
Black man
One, two, get down
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
You go tell somebody
Grandma told me, "Get your money"
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Black man

You just a Black man in this world
You just a barcode, ayy
You just a Black man in this world
Drivin' expensive foreigns, ayy
You just a big dawg, yeah
I kenneled him in the backyard
No probably ain't life to a dog
For a big dog

// Untouchable //

Childish Gambino, yes my voice is annoying
So I don't talk, I let the streets talk for me
Yeah these girls crazy, half got children
Hate their ex-boyfriends, call 'em Scott Pilgrim
I'm fuckin' girls I really shouldn't be fuckin' with
But if we get caught, we just hand it off to our publicists
Plus I hang with some of their ex-boyfriends
What can I say? I make bad choices

Culdesac dropped, day one, 5 figures
Fish fry nigga, fry mine bigger
Still unsigned, fans sayin' "what's the hold out
When every show you've ever done's been sold out? "
I always wondered what this Hollywood would do to me
Who's that rappin'? Yo, it's Troy from Community
Fuck that man, dude you lyin' like a mu-fuck
Besides, the beat's real good, but the lyrics suck

Well I made the beat too, yeah, soak it in
I'm a phenom, nigga, where the fuck you been?
People say that I should be more humble
I hope they understand, they don't listen when you mumble
It only takes a lie to make a dynasty crumble
That why I catch feelings and these other dudes fumble
I'm not playing, this music's something I care about
I take this shit to the streets, watch me air it out

Get the check, deposit the shit at Maxfield
Feelin' myself, I don't even need an x-pill
"I wish he'd do a funny rap, like SNL did"
If I don't take myself serious, who the fuck else will?
And to the critics with reviews that were more than sour
Is it strange having jobs I can do tomorrow?
You bitches don't like shit, and it's kinda sad
I like food, sex, clothes, watching Breaking Bad

I'm something that these cool kids never really had
That's why these nerdy kids come find me on the internet
I wanna be different, I wanna do it good
Not another actor turned rapper in movies 'bout the hood
Niggas say they want the real, but get mad when they hear the truth
Please forgive them, Father, for they're knowing not what they do
I make this music so these younger dudes don't have to choose
Trying to hate me means you really hate you

Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go, and I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn, I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable

My dad called sayin' "Son, are you okay?
I just listened to The Last on your mixtape."
Dad I'm fine, you just need to understand
When I'm rappin' on a track, that's exactly who I am
And all my smart friends sayin' "I really liked your album dude
"But you could be the next Mos Def if you wanted to."
Dear friends, I respect your responses
But my life is a dream, so I rap unconscious

I'm sorry guys, I hope I didn't let you down
I rap what I know, and hope the fans will work it out
Not conceited, but sick of trying to lay low
No drugs, I'm just trying to tell 'Ye "Yo"
Online dudes shouting out that they're better than me
I'm doin' three other jobs, bitch you better be
Cause if you're trying really hard, that's embarrassing
I won't stop until I'm fuckin' runnin' everything

The more I rap the more I'm harder to follow
I get a text from? uestlove. I gotta call him tomorrow
Coming harder than other dudes, it's harder to swallow
That I'm blowin up, Thirteen, mission: Apollo
Fuck niggas who doubted me eat your words, it's a feast
I used to hear nah's all the time like Kelis
Fuck the old Donald Glover, yeah I'm glad he's deceased
Cause that sad weak being been replaced with a beast

Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go, and I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn, I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable

// Waiting For My Moment //

Fuck is he doing here?
Fuck is he doing here?
Fuck is he doing here?

[Jhene Aiko & Childish Gambino:]
Fighting hard, fighting strong
Fighting harder and stronger
Fighting hard, fighting strong
Fighting harder and stronger
I will fight for you
I will hold you so deep in the light, ohh
I will fight for you
I will hold you into the night

[Vince Staples:]
Waiting for my moment, it's now or never
Heartbroken and hopeless, it's now or never
Down on my life, felt like dyin's better, for our
Don't come round here tryna find yourself
Belly of the beast, boolin', only God can help
I woke up with a vendetta this mornin'
Rise and shine, demise of my mind and I'm haunted
That's why y'all I'm still yawnin'
My pride won't die til I'm dormant
Show me where the war at
It's death threats on my door mat
I'm selfish, I need all that
No accolade escape
See I be sittin' in the grave
'Fore I be sittin' in the cage
Asked Ali what's the price of war
Asked God why momma made me poor
Ask police why they hunt me down
We fight to live and fight for sport
I try to give, they ask for more
I back away, they turn they back
Lifestyle of talented and black
Back on the roads, I must react
This my story
Yeah this is my story

// What Kind Of Love //

What kind of love just stays the same
What kind of love don't die alone
What kind of love would take this long
What kind of love don't make you old
Meet me at the studio
I just wanna play you something
Meet me at the studio
I just wanna tell you something
Cause you satisfy my heart
Even though we'll fall apart
Can't remember how to start
Little lies
You like to call me koala
I'll be your simba, you're nala
Wherever you go I'll follow
Little lies

Drove for hours just to see your face
Sorry
Drove for hours just to see your face
We should've talked if just to clear the space
But now we stare at each other
Buryin' whatever feeling that was
He texts to keep your heart D-stacks
Keep your heart
These girls are smart D-stacks
These girls are smart
I don't know
Why get a dog, it's just gonna die
Everything you love's just gonna leave you one day
And that's just real shit he can still spit
But what's the point
I said a lot of stupid stuff
I think that I was growin' up

What kind of love don't hurt so bad
What kind of love don't feel this way
What kind of love would make me fold

Little lies [6x]

Na na na na na na na na

Little lie

// Yaphet Kotto //

I know it's your first
I will try to be gentle
My love...

Worst rapper to ever spit on an open mic
Worst rapper to ever get on so many likes
Worst rapper to ever blow up and over night
And when my D swell my D-12 friends, but Obie Trice
Young, black and gifted but he still in America
Heard the flow was getting better, is he sleeping with Erykah?
They passing me they demos, these rappers, I think it's funny
Cause they tryna get my demo, young white kids with money
I promise, worst rapper, iTunes most played
It's just me and both Macs, self made, self paid
Headlines saying he leaving to be a rapper
But niggas saying, "This dummy; he's eating off of his acting, I mean
Who the fuck wanna be a rapper, it's stupid," I mean
Who knew that every rapper with a new crew
Wanna do shit on Hulu, that's the blueprint
You drive until the lease up
I drive until it's dirty, please somebody call the Brinks truck
Yeah they know me (HAPPY FACE EMOJI)
That OG, I might OD so Avengers keep it lowkey
Well I'm sitting on top of the world
There's only one second secure
But I can't get it back
My life is a sham no time to react; breathe
Find solace in the fact my ball bigger
(Pause) like dog fingers
Give a fuck 'bout y'all niggas
Get the point like ball kickers
I do shit, eat good, need a toothpick
Your girl play my music so that's thumbs down to your new shit

Buddha stance in a forest on the ayahuasca
I'm as high as copters, binoculars, looking down on my confidence
Truly honest man, I wish there was more of us freaking out
I wet the bed the first night on my tour bus
God damn, what're you doing man?
I can't name a lot of rappers that you better than
He hates women and himself, I won't give him the chance
Tear myself down first to make 'em pay in advance
Heard a lot of y'all talking behind his back when he walking out
Me and Fam in the corner, what are they talking 'bout?
The same dudes who laughing after you go
Be the same dudes emailing asking you 'bout your show
It's on FX? Tight nigga
Me and my homies making flicks
Me and my homies making beats
Me and my homies making hits
Me and my homies hit the spot, roll with us, gold diggers
I don't really like those niggas, Childish like goldfishes
We saw this kid get shot up by the cops in Atlanta
They shot through his Phantom and tandem cannons were blamming him
He was standing there like 20 seconds before
Now he gasping for air, bullet holes inside of his dome
What's the point? I don't know
Why am I here? Why am I alive? Why do you care?
Living real everyday, what was your undoing?
Khalifa's first name now there's urine on him.
Damn 'Bino why you gotta do it to em?
I'm Terio, I'm Terio, my cousin Oooohhh-ing (Oooohhh-ing)
New shit, new shit alert, never fake 
There's levels to the shit like a wedding cake

My new girls so pretty that the world shine
My new girls getting kissed by the coast line
My new girl so pretty we can bovine
Worst rapper ever, how I'm giving out a cosign?
Chance The Rapper, yeah that nigga crazy
Big brother, little brother lifestyle wavy

Cool, uhhh...
(Always thinking)

