Album: Poindexter

// Extraordinary //

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
I ain't your ordinary nigga
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya

[Childish Gambino]
Bam-B, the one like Neo
You didn't see it comin, reverse Miss Cleo
I'm C-P30, or better yet Anakin
when it comes to lightsabers that I'm handlin
I used to be king of the whack look
Now I stay king of the MacBook
Yes MacBook, where you write your numbers down
Yeah boy, I got girls in and out of town
You got it wrong like saying OJ, IJ
Stop the rumors; Asian girls don't got sideways
I gotta fuck every shade of latte
I gotta flow like my mouth to Kanye's
These niggaz think that I'm playin I ain't sayin nothin
I'll fuck your girl on the burner, I'm so top stuffing
You can't stop nothin, I'm (The Juggernaut)
That's why your B's sweet on me like I'm butterscotch
Yeah we run a lot, boy the Track Runners here
I'm Elroy we jet sun out the atmosphere
Let me make it clear, I'm your inner fear
And I'm taking over please don't interfere

[Chorus]

[Childish Gambino]
Ungh! I'm the streets desire
You gettin too old man, please retire
Don't make me carry you like I'm liar liar
Bring the heat like a monster, I'm (Elmo's Fire)
I'm too busy spittin shit with a socialite
I'm too busy sittin bitch with some model types
Yes sir, my girls look like Rihanna twice
with some packed bags, yeah, they ain't goin home tonight
Get your camera phone, prove you seen me
or else you'll be with friends like "Please believe me!"
I'm (All That), I am (Kel and Kenan)
Nigga I come hard like I'm filled with semen
These rappers bore me, gun talk with black clothes
Y'all let me know when y'all let 1998 go
Y'all niggaz scared to grow! I'm never scared to go
anywhere that's new I go outside y'all niggaz stay at home
But that's alright dude; I'm a special guy
Y'all been wantin to rap since you were ankle high
And I've been wantin to rap since like what, '05?
Do the math man, how are you one of the best alive?
Bam-B, yes me, best out there
Tryin to get universal like healthcare
So fresh, so clean, like a new pair
When you get to the top, what'cha do there?

[Chorus]

// So Much Better //

I'm cooler than an ice cube, yeah I'm rude
'Bout to get your head sliced, yeah I'm nice, and you 'bout to pay the price
Like The Price Is Right, but I'm not Bob Parker
Yes, I get down like I'm Charlie Parker
Meaning that I'm musically inclined, if you try to get with mine
I'm about to blow yo' head back
Get another bullet and I spray bullet (bullet)
And I spray back, pop, pop, click, click (drop, drop) down
Now they lookin for your body like all over the town
Niggaz, my name Gambini, I used to be clean
Now I'm dirty martini, cause this (Boy Met World) like (Feeny)
These niggaz make wishes like genie
Nigga you know how we do, latinos, black people, and gringos
This money stained my fingers like Cheetos
Blast it out your speakers like Quito
'Cause I can barely hold it all in like Speedos
These niggaz got a lot of nerve these niggaz got a lot of speaks
And all these skinny bitches busy shop at Anthropologie
Who you tryin to be? I'mma take my girls to BIM and treat 'em like a V.I.P.
Because I am a G, uhh (G, uhh)
I start the party like Chex Mix
Put it in your house like Netflix
Beat, nigga, it's what's for breakfast
Y'all niggaz got beef with this kid
Y'all niggaz' punks and stay punks like The Misfits
I'm way off in the distance, y'all done lost the race like McCain
But like McCain, you used to be cool but now you lame
It's hard to maintain ain't it? Because
I am so much better (than before)
My swag is so sick, you might catch it
I'm tired of fuckin 'round with little kids like I'm Brad Pitt
These little kids need to play in traffic
Cause all they was was make a nigga giggle like Mad Libs
I'm hot like an attic, in the summer
And girls scream "sick boy" like we know each other
But we don't know each other, you ain't my fucking brother
We need to separate like organic peanut butter
My lightsaber flashin, my kneecaps ashy
And girls of the world used to walk right past me
Now I hang with girls like my girl Kate Perry
I might have to (Mary) (Kate) like my name (Ashley)
These rappers don't know what they up against
They can't see a nigga like my names Snuffleupagus
If you don't like my shit, why the fuck you bumpin this?
I am so much better (than before)
You better get it clean cause this is the last straw
And break inside house and leave your gas on
Nigga, we NASA, cause we 'bout to blast off
Go in the bathroom we see you peein like I'm Shasta McNasty
Get it? UPN? Shasta McNasty?
Nigga, I'm a master, and I'm fuckin plastered
I don't need a fuckin beat for this, I can make my shit up
While I go, here's the part, that I'm about to show ya
I'm the best cause I gotta, (The Devil Wears Prada)
And he's got a boom boom like Welcome Back, Kotter
Leave your guy like my daughter, got cheese like frittata
Greed and filata got ya mama
Most rappers want the drama, but I don't want the drama
I just want a quiet night down at Benihana
I rap cause I gotta, dude's got nada
I make 'em all proud like my middle name Obama

// Phat People //

[Verse 1: Billy Scafuri]
One, two, three, check it out
On the road to sandwiches and chicken wings
Phat people do phat things
Using salt and pepper for their seasonings
Phat people do phat things
Check it out

It's B to the I to the double L-Y
My friends all know I'm not an ordinary guy
I like little things, like chicken wings
BBQ sauce, honey mustard, onion rings

And when my cell phone rings it goes jingle-jing
I say hello, I say hello, I say who this be?
They say it's Fancy Ned, I got a fancy head
I'll eat a fancy ass sandwich on some fancy ass bread

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
The wait is over, shut up, bend over
I hang with bar stools, I chill with Grover
The boy Ebola, my boy phat too
And my girl so phat that they call her Oprah

I got that green like a bowl of okra
Loose change so phat can't fit my sofa
I head to the bank, call the shit my grocer
It's Sex in the City, get the phat mimosa

Me and B, we phat boys, hang with phat girls
Driving phat toys, fuck Dan Aykroyd
I'm live on a Saturday night
I got two phat girls, I'm doing it right

Like my name John Goodman
I got the phat crib so I'm doing real good, man
And I'm up to no good, man
This is how I get phat, call the shit cooking

Phat people do phat things

[Verse 3: Billy Scafuri]
I tip waitresses, I tip scales
My style is kind of phat like an Orca whale
I'm sipping whole milk as I stare
Thinking I can be your Oprah, you can be my Gail

Cause I am a phat boy, never been to Bally's
Married to this phat life, call me Kirstie Alley
Married to the snack life, counting every calorie
Might just open up a phat boy art gallery

[Verse 4: Childish Gambino & Billy Scafuri]
What else you do, B?
I'll make it easy
What else you do, B?
For girls to squeeze me

I'm phat but my numbers run
Listen son, I'm a show them how it's done
When my swagger weighs a ton
Stickin' straws inside of girls, you can call me the Capri Sun

[Verse 5: Childish Gambino]
I make the girls drip, so I guess I eat Gushers
Screaming out yeah like I'm eating out Usher
In your dad's bedroom where I fuck you
Knockin' on the door, so you're screaming out "nothing"
But they all know it's something
You didn't think I'd tear the pussy up, did you pumpkin?
But better and better like Benjamin Button

[Verse 6: Billy Scafuri]
I hang out with Chester Cheeto
Cooler than the ranch on your Dorito
Hotter than the peppers in your burrito
Getting cheddar and cream, if you know what I mean

[Verse 7: Childish Gambino]
Yeah, I know what you mean, home girl mistaken
She think Gambino won't bring home bacon
Or bring home Swiss cheese, my dough got holes
Cause all these hoes want shoes and nice clothes

They want the Macy's, the Neiman Marcus
The Fendi purses, the Gucci parkas
I know you want it, don't get me started
They see Gambino and they act retarded

Phat people do phat things

[Outro: Billy Scafuri]
Eat snacks, mother fucker, eat snacks
Eat snacks, mother fucker, eat snacks
Eat snacks coming out of packs
Guaranteed to put a little fat on your back
Eat snacks

// The Awesome //

[Hook: MC Chris]
I am the awesome, you see me flossin
Watch me walk, upon ,your face
Make that incision, I leave you itchin
just to join, my mon-ster race
Say I'm just messin, yeah well I'm pissed
that I can't keep, an e-ven key
You think you know me, but you can blow me
cause you don't, know how, I feel

[Childish Gambino]
It's Childish Gambino ho - what you know about that?
Niggaz 'fraid to go outside, they some house cats
Cause if they see me, they might have to act right
I'm livin life right, like I got a past life
Boy I got a flashlight, check my fuckin hoodie skin
Like God was makin light and threw my hoodie in
Bambi, naw nigga that's my pseudonym
Call me Elroy, nigga we some hooligans
And just in case I keep a million in the glove box
Blast this shit from in your car to make the hood rock
Ice cold, bright colors like a juice pop
And if you try to touch my shit I'll make your juice pop
Yes I get a two spot just for fuckin showin up
Boy it's me, TNT, boy I'm blowin up
Nigga throw it up, noy I am the awesome
Call me Elroy or Mr. Hey-How-Much-It-Cost-Him

[Chorus]

[MC Chris]
Okay!!! Rackin 'em, stackin 'em, packin these parlors
Gettin these, beatin these hoes like Carver
Whittle like cardboard, steady like barbers
I'm back and forth from the front to the starboard
Back up Marlin, it's only a suit
Like high torch cause he ain't get the boot
Like fly gossip, birds in the zoo
Cause the underground sound I'm reiteratin through
Once I'm in the mad loop, what a real man do
With a cannibalistic crew, when they runnin on the loose
Can't handle the truth, like a fart to a scoop
Put my hand on the mic and my mind on the loot
Crime to duke, ridin away
I'm a dick snub that you bothered to say
I get krunk then the car pull away
Now don't get sick got the shit on spray, okay?

[Chorus]

// Yes //

Yes, I'm Mr. Big Stuff
Yeah, my stuff big, man
Keep a girl's pussy bright red like a pig's tan
Four shots and watch me lean like a kick stand
I really need to change my name to, "Hey, I'm a big fan."
Cause that's all I hear when I'm outside
And my hoodie's never jealous of that tie-dye
Cheesy on the mic, like I'm laying on Jordan
No homo for you niggas homophobic

Yes, I back bend these girls aerobic
And these hoes got a Spiderman like Tobey
Keep these girls wet, call them Lakers like Kobe
Got money trees, asking me, "Do you row me? "

Latin girls kiss my feet like they're superguh
Latin girls see your face and call you "Stupida."
Yes my name is Childish, so I guess I'm cheesy
Yes yes yes my wallet's cheesy
Throw your hood up, are you queasy?

Yes, I am the Juggernaut
Yes, my name is Elroy
Yes, my dick will make that ho tell, like a bell boy
And I get my tip, and my tip is in your girl
And I'm gonna bust a nut like I'm a Gallagher squirrel

It's the man of the hour
Better yet, the century, check the whiskey sour
Lookin' like I'm drinkin' piss
How's be fuckin' thinkin' this
Easy, I'm a mentalist, but I'm not on CBS

Uh, yes it's me Bambe
What is your daughter to do?
I've been doing this ever since Harry Potter was new
Boy! I don't play, I change games, I am too real
So my words stay hard like a blue pill

I like pink, it always looks good on me
And I like pink, it always looks good on me
That second part I was talking about vagina, homie
Fuck the game at an early age, now there hymen on me

Yes, I am a magnet
Yes, I do attract it
Remember when these fake ass niggas called me faggot?
Cause I had glasses and a pink track jacket
Now those things are assets to help me get some asses
Now these nerdy hoes keep asking me to smash it
Bullies from middle school chatting on my Twitter status
Fuck you, you don't get shit from now on
Unless you got a demo tape, then I can lay some ground on

It's the B to the AMBI, colors like candy
Nigga, I'm the Army. I'm being all I can be
Yes I dress dandy. Get a clue, like the Clandy
I live hard, I never sleep in, like an Amby

This is for the niggas thinkin' different
While their friends are flippin' pigeons in they're stay po-pimpin'

He never let's the best go past him
My life says yes like it's having orgasms

// Hawk Jones //

[Intro]
I got you bro, here we go!

[Childish Gambino]
My flow like Hawk Jones, the little bitty one
Hit me on my iPhone, you can text me when I'm done
I'm sicker than your grandparents honey
I'm sicker than that bitch at the end of Ben Button
Your mixtapes mean nuttin; I put out albums in a week
Eat these other rappers rhymes that is why my breath stink
You get fucked like nymphos
These clothes make niggaz roll up they windows
These Frito banditos, cause they're like chips
Cause they talk shit, see me bend it
These niggaz 'round here they don't let your tongue slip
Send you black and blue like you an African crip
My green like a weird watermelon, no seeds
And my green like a weird watermelon, all leaves
My green don't fit in my white skinny jeans
Cause I move anywhere - so I guess I'm the queen!
Yes, yes yes, I'm so Hawk Jones [3X]
Yes yes, Andre, show 'em how it's done

[Dree Dei]
Whoever wanna climb this beanstalk is gonna find me
No I'm not a giant but my name is An-dree
Oops I meant Andre', add an extra "E"
and the accent mark, yes it's Dre, not Dreeeeee
He's so confused cause he thought I was a boy
Well I got two (Mounds) but no (Almond Joy)
And all these fools wanna taste my cream
Infatuation thick like a slab of good brie
Infatuation real, all they think of is me
Yes all these fuckin charlies got a lactose disease
But they not intolerant, they daydream more than moderate
It's, just not a meal until you sprinkle parmesean on it
It's, just not a get until you givin all you got on it
It's, just not a cock until you put all of your heart in it
Look at him starin at my lips
Ain't they thicker than a pair of African hips?
I thought we was friends but he think we gon' kiss
Here he comes leaning in, he swing he MISS!!
How's it feel to taste a mouthful of air yes
How's it feel to kiss me knowin I am not there

[Childish Gambino]
Boy I need a censor, boy you need a mentor
These boys need to be lead like they two pencils
Yes I'm a black nerd, it's that simply
Call me Poindexter or the black Ed Grimly
Girl attitude stay stank like kim chi
But she ain't Korean and her boy ain't friendly, uhh
Turn your girls that are friends to fuck buddies
Keep em on the wire, that's why I cuddy
And every girl that I'm friends with wants to fuck
That's why she waits 'til I'm drunk then she runs amuck
Guess boy my name's an aphrodisiac
Yes boy at the hotel's where I leave 'em at
I am (Animaniac), cause I'm so (Wakko)
Better (Warner Bros.) when you see a chick act hoe
And even if she's so (Angel) that she's on (Bones)
No girl is so fly to fuck with Hawk Jones

Yes, yes yes, I'm so Hawk Jones [3X]
So why don't these motherfuckers just leave me a-lone

// Almost There //

[Verse 1:]
Girl, I messed up real bad
I'm looking back on the days that we both had
I go to bed and I dream so hard
Of little mixed kids running in the front yard
I need you close, I need your kiss
I never ever, ever, ever knew a love like this
I, miss you more than Puffy missed B.I.G
I didn't think that you would leave a hole this big
In my life, you need to be my wife
I made this song, I hold my pillow tight
And wishin' it was you, what can a nigga do
Fuck this success, fuck these interviews
Fuck these phone calls, girl you are worth it
When I was happy, you were happy, you are perfect
When I was blue, you were blue, you're my Smurfette
I put my best chips on the worst bet

[Verse 2:]
Girl, I need you like I need air
And fuck those other honeys, I will be there
I never ever, ever thought that I would be scared
Of living in a world when you're not there
My biggest fear is that you won't give a fuck
When you play this song on your MacBook
"Is that CG, yo, he is old news
I'm way too busy with my new dude."
The best time I ever had
Is kissing in my shitty ass Kia van
I wish that it was me instead
Feeling all your pain
I know that it is different now
It will never be the same but
I swear to God, our love special
You can be my number 2 like one pencil
Or you can be my number one, I will let you
In on my life, I've changed so much since you
Left, that hotel room
And if you're with another guy, go tell dude
That he can never keep us apart, he needs a better door
He'll always be the guy that you settle for
I'll always be the guy you're s'posed to be with
Where the fuck is Cupid when you need him
I'm so Sam Cooke, I need tea for two
I play Sam Cooke and I think of you

[Verse 3:]
Baby girl we need to be together
This song ain't for my album
This song is for the better
And even though we living in a city full of strangers
They can see I'm different
They can see my anger
They can see my pain
They can see the way I talk about you
They see the way I living and I won't live long without you
I drink every night, I smoke more too
I guess it's safe to say death or you
I need you more now than I ever did
I'm still the same guy you fell in love with
I need a second chance like I need a prayer
Sometimes I think God just doesn't care
I hope he has a plan for both you and I
So we can be together at a different time
Remember when I come home late
And you'd be crying over some food on a cold plate
I'll never do that shit to you again
You're the most beautiful girl I ever known and my best friend
Baby girl we need to make up
And when I dream of you, I don't want to wake up
And when I don't dream, I don't want to wake up
I'd rather die now than not have your touch
Cause I miss you so much

// Hollerin' //

[Childish Gambino]
I got skinny jeans on, so I got my swagger
I got new kicks and embarrass my naggaz
A skinny tattoo with a paintball space
So a nigga got bounce like a pinball game
I got (Housewives) like my name was (Bravo)
The dude is Bueller, the world Chicago
I'm hard to follow, the boy is sick
I'm Adam Sandler so fuck your clique
I hang with dogs like Michael Vick
And you girls get wet like a glass of Quik
Cause your boy stay fresh like a bunch of mints
And I fight this flow like a pacifist
A barrel of monkeys, a house of chimps
I'm way more fun than your boyfriend is
He need new jeans like a accident
Cause your boy right here where the action is, ahh!!

[Chorus]
Don't talk about it - you can live without it
You don't even need to go down
Don't talk about it - you can live without it
You don't even need to go down
Cause you were hollerin, hollerin "Oh!"
Hollerin, hollerin "Oh!"
Hollerin, hollerin "Oh!" girl
Cause you were hollerin, hollerin "Oh!"
Hollerin, hollerin "Oh!"
Hollerin, hollerin "Oh!" girl

[Childish Gambino]
I said these niggaz mad at me like Baby Boppers
These niggaz slept on me like old pajamas
You niggaz stay soft like Jon Secada
And this nigga stay lit like a candelabra
And even if I didn't have a million dollars
I would still have cream like Bearded Papa
Girl I ain't playin I'll treat ya proper
I got (No Limits) like Silkk the Shocker
You look too sweet like Betty Crocker
You could ride in the front, you could meet my partner
My boy in the back, you could meet my partner
But he ain't got a girl so you should bring your partner
Your boy got books like he made of lockers
The girl got legs like a pair of Dockers
And we don't trick like empinadas
You should shake that shit 'til you got maracas

[Chorus]

[Childish Gambino]
If we're together
Can do whatever
I'll make sure that you're close to me
Cause baby girl it's a fantasy
As long as you are here with me tonight

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Cause I want ya
Cause I need ya girl
Cause I want ya
Cause I need ya girl, yeah

// My Name Bam-B //

[Childish Gambino]
People say I'm crazy, I'm loony, I'm psycho
I like it; I got my shit checked like Nike
Doctor said he'd never seen anything like me
Chances of recovery are nil to not likely
Boy so crazy make your baby momma look sane
Kickin thoughts around like he got a loose brain
I got a whiskey, sour, sober
until I fall down like it's mid-October
Young Young Hova, boy I say for goodness sake
I'm in my prime like I'm standin on my dinner plate
You niggaz innerspace cause you come up Martin Short
I'm so fly I don't need a right wing from Drudge Report

[Chorus 2X: Childish Gambino]
Ahh! Stay wildin like me!
Ahh! My name Bam-B!

[G.E.T.H.]
People say I'm angry; but if you're happy, you're crazy
I'm violent, so I've got a blue belt from Renzo Gracie
Read the news today, oh boy, some kids are dead
Pulled the covers over my head and went straight back to bed
Cause even my good days are generally bad
At my happiest - I'm just slightly less sad
And I get mad if you're glad to be alive cause I had
a chance at a happy life, good mom, good dad
Seriously trust me, you wouldn't wanna be me
The best days of my life involve leftovers and TV
I got almost no friends and I don't know how to handle this
Even the friends I do got are all moving to Los Angeles
Even I'm tired of my whining, even I don't want no more of me
I whine more than a three-year-old, multiplied by Morrisey
Every time I meet someone who wants to be my friend
The first thought that I have is "Yo what the fuck is wrong with them?"
I go through life with my fists up fut trust me my fists are all
full of handfuls of Wellbutrin and Risperdal
I'm depressed y'all, someone please help me (please help me)
Seriously (seriously right now) help me
I like the Risperdal better than the Wellbutrin

[Chorus]

[Childish Gambino]
I'm good with the N, no not the Nina
Mean I'm good with the hammer so I'll fix your broke heater
And not your bro Keeter, I don't tote guns
I never had white so I never needed one
And the hood respect me, I rose from the ashes
Call me the phoenix in the clear rim glasses
They saw me work, without that work
Now I got my own (Enterprise), call me (Kirk)
And I'm born on an air force base, so I'm fly
Move out to Decatur, that's Atlanta's Bed-Stuy
I got that pink like pussy
Got that pussy (Day 'N Nite) so they call me Kid Cudi
Bitch!

[Chorus]

// Grind //

[Laughter]
Nah, I don't...
Look over there, look over here
(Wait a minute!)

[Chorus]
Oooh, ahhh, oh yeah
Got to get on my grind, got to get on my grind
Oooh, ahhh, oh yeah
Got to get on my grind, got to get on my grind
Ooh, aah, oh yeah
Fallin out, ooh, down
Got to get on my grind, got to get on my grind
Oh, fallin down, oh yeah
Got to get on my grind, got to get on my grind

[Childish Gambino]
I turn 'em like (Tina), I don't tote ninas
But a nigga walked up and get served like subpoenas
And I ain't broke neither, I got a in-between
So when I say about a million what I mean is bitch fiend
I gotta keep grinding, my name Tony Hawk
Cause I grind with my boys sometimes at the park
A heavy-ass kid, easy on the cake
Until I got to New York and I started losin weight
And when I say "weight," I do mean "weight"
Now I'm (Thin) like the (Line Between Love and Hate)
Cause I used to go skate, nigga I'm paid
This (Kid) don't (Play) like a high-top fade
I don't get laid, I'm back at the studio
The closest girls get is watchin old Derrick videos
Girls don't get it, say I work too much
Pass boo the cell phone and say "Girl be in touch"
But we won't be in touch, I know that for sure
You ain't in love with me, you like my decor
Christian Dior, pastel and Jack
If it's in hot pink then it's on my back
I'm young and I'm black and the world is my oyster
Watchin Top Chef on my European sofa
These niggaz so fake like an old toupee
So clear call this shit Blu-Ray

[Chorus - first 1/2]

[Childish Gambino]
Take me to a hospital, call me ebola
And a nigga flow sweet, so I spit Coca-Cola
And my boys sold boulders, but I gotta do it my way
We grindin the same, but we usin different pathways
Gotta make ends meet, a means to an end
And I hate seein niggaz usin "grind" for pretend
Cause this ain't pretend, and I ain't pretendin
We eatin out late like I hang with the Gremlins
Call David Geffen, we about to switch places
The game is a hold, got a pocket full of aces
Boy I'm a phenom, I can't be stopped
Had my R.A. pager on my first day at 30 Rock
Headed for big things like I'm runnin Salma Hayek
Four Seasons plus no more work at the Hyatt
I'm fly and I'm high like a pilot
But you can't see me like an eyelid, vibin
Uhh!

[Chorus]

// The Rocker //

[Intro - continues in background]
Mr. Gambino, Mr. Mr. Gambino [12X]

Uh, they call me the rocker
Uh, yeah, uh-huh, uh
Uhh, they call me the rocker
I get down like 2Pac and Big Poppa
Some say he too birds, you can't stop him
Niggaz got too much beef like two Whoppers
Look at my clockers, it's about time
for a nigga to mature like a glass of fine wine
Ain't no nigga alive can outshine
I get sneaks, but don't pay like I'm crime
I run this bitch, cause I'm Will Smith
Cause I am legend and you just Hitch
But naw I'm Hitch, cause I get bitches
Well I got more than one so call me eight Hitches
We ain't got riches, just some nice kicks
So call me Bruce Lee who's dressed in nice shit
Haters think I'm lame and girls think I'm sick
But both of them groups is riding my dick

Yeah, they call me the rocker
Call me Mr. Gambino
Uh-huh, check this out! I'm fly like birds
And I spit real shit so my flow like turds
And my words absurd so I turn it all around
So my mouth is my ass and I shit when I'm loud
And I'm black and I'm proud, and I'm white and I'm rich
So fuck it, I'm a martian, I'm Lilo and Stitch
Niggaz say I sound like Weezy and shit
Well he the best in the game so what's wrong with that?
Are you trying to tell me that my rhymes is fat?
Call me Usain Bolt cause I run the track
Nigga I'm sick of that, stop comparin me to people
I know my voice funny like my name John Heder
And I'm out of this world and I'm hot like space heaters
And my girl top down so I call her two seater
My iPhone blast like TNT
I text back to homegirl, "What'chu know 'bout me?"
I'm in N.Y.C. or in A-T-L
And my wallet stay fat like Kenan plus Kel
Nigga what's that smell, cause my shit don't stink
Cause my shirt bright blue and my shoes hot pink
And I finish this drink that I call a Twin Tower
Two Bud Lights and a whiskey sour
Where I fall down, that shit is ground zero
Little kids sayin "There goes my hero!"
Hahahaha; they call me the rocker, nigga!

[Outro]
Uh, they call me the rocker
Yo, I'm out man

// I'm So Focused //

[Childish Gambino:]
It's Childish Gambino, y'all know who it is, how it is and what it do
Mr. Jens Lekman on the track, ladies and gentlemen
For those of you wondering for whom the sample is
Alright. Let's do this. Uh-huh

I'm the sickest Nigga ever, go and tell your ma!
And I got a little liquor like a St. Bernard!
Niggas hold onto Cliffs, like Phylicia Rashad!
Cause I'm always on the edge, but I don't fall off!
I's a boy in the hoodie and a hat to match!
And the shit bright orange like a pumpkin patch!
And they call me Guy Ritchie cause I work with snatch!
And I'm rich, and a guy. Whatch'all think of that?
And the cops stay on me cause I'm young and black!
And the boy stay crazy like a pound of crack!
And I'm all that jazz like my name was scat!
College dudes like me too love my name Borat!
And I like my girls thick like chocolate, fat like my wallet
I'm tellin' y'all the truth, like a prophet
And if Gambino on the track, you should cop it
And all y'all Niggas totin' guns need to stop it

I'm so focused. Yeah
I'm so focused. Yeah. (We don't play around like that. Listen.)
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfucker we prepared for you! Ungh!
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfuckers we prepared for you! Ungh!

[Truff Syrum:]
Before you even know how long this song lasts
You'll be reelin' and feelin' so flabbergasted
Like a fast pass that you can't catch, I'll leave you blasted
Lambasted, like I doused you in acid
I could be takin' some comedy and I'm makin' that tradic
Like I spin, cause I hocus, I focus, I'm flippin' it back and now it's magic
And the beat go from cool, like plan is to janet, to dammit!
Cuties cute in to inspect my go-go gadget
Why? Cause I spit in split time. It's a sign of a double wear prada I'm reachin'
I'm teachin' 'em for a while that you can't deny I'm alive
So existential, my rhymes are quinessential
I'm an educated black and that's a fact. I'm presidential
One riff, and I'm siftin' through niggas lies
Got a gift to keep my eyes on the prize, you best move to the side
Cause I'm goin' for the gold, I'm a stone soldier
Gambino told you Jokers that I'm so, so, so foc- I'm so FO-cusssssssed

[Childish Gambino:]
I'm so focused. Yeah
I'm so focused. Yeah. (We don't play around like that. Listen.)
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfucker we prepared for you! Ungh!
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfuckers we prepared for you! Ungh!

I'm all grown up, but I'm still Childish
It's crazy to think that all them days is behind us
I remember when niggas tried to stop us
Now them same niggas on my dick and try for profit
This is what I asked for. It comes with the territory
This isn't a cry for help, ain't no Pinocchio story
I'm in it just for the glory - I'm in this to win it, babe
Sorry that I came home late

// Starlight //

[Hook: Amber Petty]
Starlight
Where did you go?
I've been running around the world
Gotta let you know

[Verse 1: DC Pierson]
I got the empire state now I'm working on the next part
Trying to build an empire, I'm wishing on the Death Star
I murdered the dish, I eloped with the spoon
Tri-coastal and the third coast is the moon
When it hits your eye like a get in your eye thing
And we do the I like you like like you like like thing
I can't promise I won't be dressed like a viking
When I do the whole picking you up on my bike thing
Another white rapper's CD in my spokes
I would swear ya'll converted to rap for the jokes
I spit black smoke, I'm the hip hop pope
They make anti-me PSA's cause I'm dope
And when it's not clear you can cope, the worlds a negative iPod
You just hear 'nope'
Nights on the pavement, you just stop breathin'
On some Liz Lemon movin' back to Cleveland
Street lights people, up and down the boulevard
Don't stop believin in your journey, and I know it's hard
They call me Violet Beauregard, cause I just blow up, no regard
All I really need is a bar to belly up to
A balcony, a star crossed lover to yell up to
What are you up to this weekend? I'm free
Till then I'll just shine and let you find me

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
I shine like the sun
My mouth is a gun, pop off and they run, two things like a pun
This is not just for fun and I cut with my tongue
My mouth's a Swiss army, take over your country
I run like a humvee, I don't need gas-o-line
I run on these rappers so skip the stromboli
I make these niggas say 'Great' like Tony
So how the fuck you gonna say these bitches don't know me?
How the fuck you gonna say these bitches don't know me
When you all on the tip of my dick like Moby
The wait is over, no baking soda
I saw them dudes move bricks and boulders
I saw them dudes move flats and corners
And they moved that sugar like Russell Stover
I got that green like a four leaf clover
Get rich or die tryin' like my name two quarters
Dope boys they get me, we got the same hustle till the tank on empty
And if you dope boy, better watch the Wire
And get the shit straight, turn back, retire
Cause one in a mil turn snow to fire
You either move weight, play ball or neither
Because I'm neither, the hood MacGyver
The boy blew up like he knew Al Quaeda
My life so sweet that my balls Godiva
The world in front and the hood behind us
The hood behind us
Yea, the hood behind us

// Sunshine //

[Childish Gambino]
Baby I'm livin the dream
With you by my side, we work as a team
I know I'm a mack, it's not what it seems
I'm covered in pink, from swimmin in green
When I'm eating you, like Edi Amin
Mama the stars could not intervene
You are a star, I'm keepin it clean
You are the prettiest girl I have seen
What does that mean? It means you're the one
And most of these dudes are just fucking for fun
Girl you know that I would never do that to you
All of the girls that I do must be beautiful
Inside and out, meaning your mouth
Girl I'm just playin, this is what I'm sayin
If you like real, then give me a go
If you never try, then he'll never know

[Chorus]
Ooh it's alright, ooh it's okay
Let them all know that I got this way
Cause I miss you girl
I wanna be with you, yeah
And if the sun don't come out, ooh it's okay
Let them all know that I got this way
Cause I miss you girl
I wanna be with you, yeah
Never, ever, ever let me go
Do you love me? Girl I need to know
Cause you're my sunshine girl
Cause you're my sunshine, sunshine, oh
Baby girl, you're always on my mind
Baby girl, it's time to make you mine
Cause you're my sunshine girl
Cause you're my sunshine, sunshine, oh

[Childish Gambino]
Look, I'm the man y'know
I'm the one to give you mo'
Ma, you got that stupid flow
I talk about moms like Margaret Cho
And I'ma go, minus the "O"
So I'm a G, sportin a V-
Neck and a check, on my shoes
Cause I got nothin to lose uhhh!
I'm in it to win it
Money so long I get business from Guinness
Diving in green, I'm swimmin in spinach
And I'm in the race, who cares about finish?
I got an advantage, and I'm an advantage
I'm what you need girl, you need an advantage
And nothin is heinous so I can work for ya
Couldn't stand out, girl

[Chorus]

[Outro: repeat 2X]
Never, ever, ever let me go
Do you love me? Girl I need to know
Cause you're my sunshine girl
Cause you're my sunshine, sunshine, oh
Baby girl, you're always on my mind
Baby girl, it's time to make you mine
Cause you're my sunshine girl
Cause you're my sunshine, sunshine, oh

