Album: GoodHeartedWoman

// Good Hearted Woman //

She's a good-hearted woman in love with a good-timin' man
She loves him in spite of his wicked ways
She don't understand
Through teardrops and laughter,
They'll pass through this world hand in hand,
She's a good-hearted woman loving a good-timin' man.

Well, a long time forgotten
Dreams have just fell by the way
And the good life he promised
Ain't what she's living today
But she never complains of the bad times
Or bad things he's done
She just talks about the good times they've had
And all the good times to come.

She's a good-hearted woman in love with a good-timin' man
She loves him in spite of his wicked ways
She don't understand
Through teardrops and laughter,
They'll pass through this world hand in hand,
She's a good-hearted woman loving a good-timin' man.

He likes the bright light, the nite life
And good-timin' friends
When the party's all over
She'll welcome him back home again
She don't understand him,
But she does the best that she can
This good-hearted woman
Lovin' a good-timin' man.

She's a good-hearted woman in love with a good-timin' man
She loves me in spite of my wicked ways
She don't understand
Through teardrops and laughter,
They'll pass through this world hand in hand,
She's a good-hearted woman loving a good-timin' man.
She's a good-hearted woman loving a good-timin' man.

// Same Old Lover Man //

I'm not some long lost someone
Just dropped in to say hello
I'm the same old lover man
Baby, lost so long ago.
'Cause I was born to believe
I never could deceive, believe me.

I hear no children's voices
Have they gone back to school
It's the same old lover man
Baby, still actin' like some kinda fool.
Yes, I was born to believe
I never could deceive, believe me.

[Instrumental]

It's cold outside your window
Please let me in the night is wild
I'm the same old lover man
Baby, not some lonesome innocent child.

Yes, I was born to bring a grief
Though I never was a thief
I'm the same old lover man
Baby, just dropped in to say what's new.

Yes, I was born to bring a grief
I never could deceive, believe me...

// One Of My Bad Habits //

I gotta quit this smokin'
It's because of my chokin'
I gotta quit this drinkin'
It's been messin' up my thinkin'.
Baby, you're included in my plan
You're one of my bad habits
I'm gonna quit you if I can.

I gotta quit this cryin'
'Cause you won't quit your lyin'
You dig another guy
And I'm sick and tired of tryin'
I'm gonna have to face it like man.
You're one of my bad habits
I'm gonna quit you if I can.

I've gotta quit this hopin'
You'll change and stop this mockin'
All that you been sayin'
Was just the game you're playin'
Woman don't be reachin' out your hand.
You're one of my bad habits
I'm gonna quit you if I can.

[Instrumental]

I've gotta quit this hopin'
You'll change and stop this mockin'
All that you been sayin'
Was just the game you're playin'
Woman don't be reachin' out your hand.
You're one of my bad habits
I'm gonna quit you if I can.

You're one of my bad habits
I'm gonna quit you if I can...

// Willie And Laura Mae Jones //

Willie and Laura Mae Jones were our neighbours a long time back
They lived down the road from us in a shack just like our shack
We worked the fields together learned to count on each other
When you live off the land you ain't got time to think of another man's color

The cotton was high and the corn was growing fine
That was another place and another time 

Sit out on the front porch every evening when the sun went down 
Willie would play and Laura would sing and them younguns'd dance around 
I'd bring out my guitar and we'd play on through the night 
Every now and then ol' Willie would grin and say boy you play all right

The cotton was high...

The years rolled past our land and took back what they'd given
We all knew we'd had to move if we were gonna make a livin'
So we all moved off and went about our separate ways
It sure was hard to say goodbye to Willie and Laura Mae

The cotton was high...

The years rolled past our doors and we heard of them no more
When I saw Willie downtown the other day
Said y'all stop right by now we could all sit down and eat by
Sure love to see your children and Laura Mae

Shook his head real slow and his eyes were kind
This is another place and another time 

The cotton was high...

// It Should Be Easier Now //

Now that I've made up my mind you're gone
It should be easier now
Perhaps now my heart will stop hanging on
It should be easier now.

The lesson I've learned from you gold can't buy
A heart can be broken and still survive
Thanks to you now a much wiser man am I
And it should be easier now.

[Instrumental]

The worst now is over I've stood the test
It should be easier now
They say everything happens for the best
It should be easier now.

The wounds in my heart you've carved deep and wide
Hollowed and washed by the tears I've cried
But now there'll be more room for love inside
And it should be easier now...

// Do No Good Woman //

You're looking at the man who's living in the wrong time
My mind's lost in my lonesome past
I wrote myself a sad song about troubles and a worried mind
And a do no good woman my first one and my last.

Well, I wanted the world to know her like I do
Some I tried to paint her picture in a song
I sang the blues but the only words that I knew
Were do no good woman I love you right or wrong.

From the streets of New Orleans to a Panthouse in Chicago
I tried to play the love before a time
But I just can't hold a woman in the night with the light's low
With a do no good woman always on my mind.

Look at me and you can see I've seen my better days
Hoping for better times to come
Well, I never thought that love could drive a good man too insane
That do no good woman, Lord why you ever done girls...

// Unsatisfied //

My woman goes about her way hangin' on from day to day God knows she's tried
To do her best for her and me
knowin' that she'll always be unsatisfied.

She tells me everything's alright
but when she should be sleepin' nights
I've heard her cry
But she greeys me like the morning sun
Makes me wish I was the one unsatisfied.

But soon the warmer wind will blow her way I know
And warm her like she never has been warmed before.

Lord she deserves the very best
With me she'll never be addressed, we'd tried and tried
But a man can tell when somethin's wrong
Woman can go just so long unsatisfied,

[Instrumental]

Soon the warmer wind will blow her way I know
And warm her like she never has been warmed before
She deserves the very best with me
She'll never be addressed God knows I've tried
But I can't be what I can't be
She can't live a life with me unsatisfied, unsatisfied.

Unsatisfied, unsatisfied...

// I Knew You'd Be Leavin' //

I won't take your hand when you turn to walk away in the morning
And I'll try not to cry when you say goodbye you try to warn me
Some morning you'd wake up an ocean would arise and you'd be gone
I knew that you'd be leavin' when your reason for stayin' is gone.

My words of I love you keep creeping into my conversation
Like you always told me any love for you would be a fool's creation
I guess the unit of loving me no longer holds the flavor you once known
I knew that you'd be leavin' when your reason for stayin' is gone.

So I'll just lay here in your arms and hope the dawn comes very slowly
We had our time for love but now the time has come you'll be goin'
I won't question you with what I guess I've known all along
I knew that you'd be leavin' when your reason for stayin' is gone...

// Sweet Dream Woman //

She's the womb that you left and she's the pride that you kept
She's the innocence that you left back in your youth
She's the poems that you read she's the mouth that you feed
And she's the holy and she's truth.

Sweet dream woman of the night
Come and love me in the night
Sweet dream woman come and be
A woman to me.

She's the mother of youth she is sweet baby blue
And she's a love that you once knew but you couldn't hold
She is bad luck and good and she's all that she should be
And I see her reasons all unfold.

Sweet dream woman of the night
Come and love me in the night
Sweet dream woman come and be
A woman to me.

[Instrumental]

Sweet dream woman
of the night
Come and love me in the night
Sweet dream woman come and be
A woman to me.

Sweet dream woman come and be
A woman to me...

// To Beat The Devil //

It was winter time in Nashville
Down on Music City Row
I was lookin' for a place to get
Myself out of the cold
To warm the frozen feelin'
That was eatin' at my soul
And keep the chilly winds off my guitar.

My thirsty wanted whiskey
And my hunger needed beans
But I guess it'd been a month of payday
Since I heard that eagle scream
So with a stomach full of empty
And a pocket full of dreams
I left my pride and stepped inside a bar
Actually I guess you'd call it a tavern
Cigarette smoke to the ceiling
Sawdust on the floor friendly shadows.

I saw that there was just
An old man sittin' at the bar
In the mirror I could see him
Checkin' me and my guitar
He said come up here boy
Show us what you are
I said I'm dry, he bought me a beer
He nodded at my guitar.

Said it's a tough life ain't it
I just looked at him
And he said you ain't
Makin' any money are you
I said you been readin' my mail
He just smiled and said let me see that guitar
I got somethin' you oughta hear
Then he laid it on me.

If you waste your time a talkin'
To the people who don't listen
To the things that you are sayin'
Who do you thinks gonna hear
And if you should die explainin'
How the thing they complain about
Or the things they could be changing
Who do you thinks gonna care.

There were lots of other singers
In the world turned deaf and blind
Who were crucified for what they tried to show
Now their voices have been scattered
By the swirling winds of time
And the truth remains that no one wants to know.

Well, the old man was a stranger
But I'd've heard his song before
Back when failure had me locked out
On the wrong side of the door
No one stood behind me but my shadow on the floor
And lonesome was more than a state of mind

You see the devil haunts a hungry man
And if you don't wanna join him
Well, he's gotta figure out someway to beat him
And I ain't sayin' I beat the devil
But I drink his beer for nothin'
And then I stole his song

You can still hear me singin'
To the people who don't listen
To the things that I am sayin'
Prayin' someone's gonna hear
And I guess I'll die explaining
How the things that they complain about
Are things they could be changin'
Hopin' someone's gonna care.

I was born to be a singer
And I'm bound to die the same
But I've got to feed this hunger in my soul
If I never have a nickel
I won't even die in shame
'Cause I don't believe that no one wants to know...

