Album: LoveOfTheCommonPeople

// Money Cannot Make The Man //

So long I've been trying to give you the things that you've wanted
But your thirst for riches is more than my pockets can stand
And I know that you're dreaming of things you could have with another
'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.

You like to be seen in the richest and finest of places
You're always embarrassed by the callouses here on my hands
And I know that it's only a matter of time till you leave me
'Cause to your way of thinking the money is what makes the man.

You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for
But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand
That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you
For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.

[Instrumental]

You may find a rich man to give you the things that you long for
But if you're still lonely then darling you may understand
That with all of his gold he can't give you the love that I gave you
For a man can make money but money cannot make the man.

A man can make money but money cannot make the man...

// Young Widow Brown //

That Jimmy Brown died at just 25
And they lowered him under the ground
Right at his head was a mark that had read
I leave the world young widow Brown.

He left her for me now it's plain to see
Just why old Jim ain't around
I know that I've tried but the man ain't alive
That can keep up with young widow Brown.

That woman she's crazy if she thinks
That I'll just keep on a hanging around
I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing
That one thing is young widow Brown.

[Instrumental]

In her high steppin' style she's a goin' hog wild
This night life is a whoopin' me down
But if I lose a place then I'm out of the race
For kisses from young widow Brown.

I must be gettin' old my walk's gettin' slow
Just barely can make it around
I work night and day spend all of my pay
On pretties for young widow Brown.

That woman she's crazy if she thinks
That I'll just keep on a hanging around
I'd leave in a minute 'cept for one thing
That one thing is young widow Brown...

// You've Got To Hide Your Love Away //

Here I stand hand in hand
Turning my face to the wall
If she's gone I can't go on
With no love at all.

Everywhere people stare
Each and every day
I can see them laugh at me
I can hear them say.

You've got to hide your love away.
You've got to hide your love away.

How can I even try, I can never win
Hearin' them, seein' them in the state I'm in
How could she say to me love will find a way
Gather round all you clowns let me hear you say.

You've got to hide your love away.
You've got to hide your love away...

// Love Of The Common People //

Livin' on free food, tickets
Water in the milk from the hole in the roof
Where the rain came through
What can you do? hmm

Tears from little sister cryin'
'Cause she doesn't have a dress without a patch
For the party to go
Oh, but you know she'll get by.

She is livin' in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.

It's a good thing you don't have the bus fare
It would fall through the hole in your pocket
And you'd lose it in the snow on the ground
A walking to town to find a job.

Trying to keep your hands warm
But the hole in your shoe let the snow come through
And it chills to the bone, boy
You'd better go home where it's warm.

Where you can live in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can.

Livin' on dreams ain't easy
But the closer the knit the tighter the fit
And the chills stay away
You take 'em in stride family pride.

You know that faith is your foundation 
And with a whole lotta love and a warm conversation
And plenty of prayer
Making you strong where you belong.

Where you can live in the love of the common people
Smiles from the heart of the family man
Daddy's gonna buy her a dream to cling to
Mama's gonna love her just as much as she can, she can...

// I Tremble For You //

This world that I live in is empty and cold
The loneliness cuts me and tortures my soul
I'm no child of destiny and no fortune's son
I've just chased you so long now I'm too weak to run.

A new day is here but nothing is new
Alone in my room I tremble for you.

[Instrumental]

I know I'll return to the backstreets again
To find what I need to prove I'm a man
And there I'll treat shame like an old friend from home
That I can lean on till my mis'ry is gone.

A new day is here and nothing is new
I'm a picture of weakness as I tremble for you...

// Two Streaks Of Steel //

Two streaks of steel stretchin' cross the land
Too far to reach for my baby's hand
I stood and watched her disappear
And in the distance I could hear. whooe

Tomorrow I'll see coming down the track
That same old train that she ain't coming back
For her sweet love that once was mine
Faded just like a whistle's whine. whooe

Two streaks of steel I've been standing beside
Where all that mattered in my life just died
I want to lay across those tracks when that train
Crossed those two streaks steel once again.

Two streaks of steel took my love away
No reason now for me to wanna stay
Next time I'll hear that whistle moan
That all my troubles will be gone. whooe, whooe...

