Album: MeowTheJewels

// Meowpurrdy (El-P Remix) //

[Sample - Snoop Dogg & Killer Mike:]
Y'all gonna do a whole cat album?
Cat album
Damn
Motherfuckers start bringing their cats to the tour bus and shit
Meow-meow-meow-meow
Meow-meow-meow-meow
We might have to sample that for the album
Hahaaaaa
The cat album by the dog
Meow the Jewels
Meow-meow-meow-meow
Meow-meow-meow-meow
Meow-meow-meow-meow
Meow-meow-meow-meow
I can't believe this
Somebody got to do it shit, why not me

[Intro - Killer Mike:]
I'm gonna bang this bitch the fuck out!
You better - You might wanna record the way you feeling like history being made
This muthafucka put a mirror on the goddamn screen
Let's go, El-P!
Huh? Champ! So what we're gonna do next?

[Verse 1 - Killer Mike:]
I'm up at midnight, I'm dippin' off in my Nizzikes
A gun and a metal pizzipe, a knizzife is to my rizzight
I'm lurkin' servin' on pussies who lack a purpose
I've got 'em filled up with frizzight like Mizzike is you all rizzight?
I'm lookin' lurkin' on bitches twerkin' for service
The bitches bag is a Birkin, I'm yellin', screamin' and cursin'
I'm putting pistols in faces at random places like
Bitch, give it up or stand adjacent to Satan
Bad man chillin', the villains is here
No Jesuses here, I hear the demons in my ear
And I want it, I need it, see it, I take it
Never fake it, wrap you motherfuckers up, leave you naked
The jewel runners, top tag team for two summers
Live and let live, fuck you cause cause that's a fool's honor
I'm walkin' totin' on two llamas
You niggas ass and trash and trash, fuck it, I'm too honest
So fuck you fuckboys forever, I hope I said it politely
And that's about the psyche of Jaime and Mikey
You meet another pair better - highly unlikely
And if I can't rap, then maggot fuck, then fight me
I live for the thrill of the kill, yes it excites me
You know your favorite rapper ain't shit and me, I might be
The closest representation of God you might see
Pay honors like your momma young sonna and take a right knee
The passion of Pac, the depth of Nas, circa nine three
Mix the mind of Brad Jordan and Chuck D and find me
I spit with the diction of Malcolm or say a Bun B
Prevail through Hell, so Satan get ye behind me

[Bridge - El-P:]
The kitten became a lion that look at your face like great food
The kitten became a lion that look at your face like great food
The kitten became a lion that look at your face like...
(Meow the Jewels)

[Verse 2 - El-P:]
I've never been much of shit, by most measurements don't exist on the radar a little blip in the shadow of motherships
Been smothered and brashly muffled by hucksters of global spin like the sign on my back says "stab me", my soul is your little bitch
But maybe you should be careful when flipping a stranger's switch like assuming the war is won ain't a symptom of arrogance
When nothing to lose a step up then everything's for the win so we grin in the face of frauds and tell monsters to suck our dick
I live to spit on your grave, my existence is to disgrace you
The kitten became a lion that look at your face like great food
That's why we got the people behind us
While other rappers are vaginas for the fame the jewel runners will always stay rude
Motherfuck your permission
Was never yours to begin with
And every bar of the bitch shit you spit is your fucking prison
I been here making raw shit and never asked to be lauded
Run the Jewels is the answer, your question is "what's poppin'?"

// Oh My Darling Don't Meow (Just Blaze Remix) //

[Intro 1 - Narrator:]
After a long night of drinking and partying with fast women, with his good friend El-P, Justin goes home to get some good rest. He turns on the TV, and it's Cat Week. What's the worst that could go wrong?

[Intro 2 - El-P (Killer Mike):]
Hold up
(Oh my)

[Verse 1 - El-P:]
Fuck the law; they can eat my dick, that's word to Pimp
I don't fuck with or talk, like all these fuckin' imps
Style violent, give a fuck if you deny it, kids
You can all run naked backwards through a field of dicks
Fuck the world; don't ask me for shit, that's word to B.I.G
I dreamt we owned the world, but I've woken up, and it don't exist
Soak it in, I need no assist, you can't slap my wrist, I don't owe you shit
Trust me, I'm a Doctor DOOM, oper-ate of my pulse, won't raise a bit

[Verse 2 - Killer Mike:]
Tip-toe on the track like a ballerina; ski mask in a Pontiac Catalina
It's obese, female opera singer; you can run the jewels or lose your fingers
Me and El-P got time to kill, got folks to kill on overkill
He hangin' out the window; I hold the wheel, one black, one white, we shoot to kill (Oh my God!)
That fuckboy life about to be repealed; that fuckboy shit about to be repelled
Fuckboy Jihad, kill infidels, Allah Akbar, BOOM, from Mike and El

[Verse 3 - El-P:]
Life is hell, death's a bitch, and these fubar rulers getting rich
I cop a zip, it opens up, I smoke it up, go home, and fuck
C'est la vie, girl, when in Rome; I gave the face, please pay with dome
My business card says, "You're in luck; I do two things: I rap and fuck."

[Verse 4 - Killer Mike:]
I fuck and rap, I tote the strap, I smoke the kush, I beat the puss
I read the books, did the math, don't need a preacher preachin', on my behalf
No teacher can teach, my arrogant ass, I'm blowin' on crippy, while readin' inscriptions
That's written by Egyptians, and sippin' on whiskey! Aye baby, you with me?

[Hook 1 - Killer Mike (Justin):]
(Where am I? What is this? What are these- What are these cats doing?! What are they doing?! Stop, please, no! STOP!)
Oh my, don't cry [x2]

[Verse 5 - El-P:]
We run this spot, like a Chinese sweatshop
Don't stop, work it, work, it 'til chest pop - Cardiac arrested
I'm so invested, I'm self-invented, that no illusion, there's no confusion
You see the future, you fear the future, I've seen the truth, and I'm so deluded
I've... Been a better bad guy, than I been, better than bad
Been a bit a bully talk, beating in my chest, in fact
I'm a half stack, from a rack, I been around the block, babe, I know a few facts
Maniac, brainiac, run go, tell them that, ATLien, NY felon rap

[Verse 6 - Killer Mike:]
Handle me wrong, I'm snappin'; show up at your class, what's happenin'?
Schoolyard bully, with a fully automatic, heart full of pain and a head, full of havoc
Everybody stepped on the kid, and I'm letting them have it
Havoc, Leaving they momma, to say, "What happened!?
Who gon' buy my baby a casket?" Fuck that bitch, I'm a bastard

[Verse 7 - El-P:]
Megablast, I'm mega lit, on Highway 6, and I'm not strapped in
I don't crash, bitch, I just skid, you got the cash? I'll make the trip
I make the trip, you better pay, done worse for less, don't make my day
I'm not from Earth, from far away, I bust through chests, like baby greys

[Verse 8 - Killer Mike:]
Runnin' the jewels of the game, whippin' the mix is, like chickens of 'caine
Spittin' the sentence again, parents is livid again, kids is just fuckin' insane
Pointin' that pistol and fist, for the chain, reppin' the symbol, like they in a gang
Delivery dope, like a dosage of dope, or a noseful of coke, for a junkie, or fiend

[Hook 2 - Killer Mike (Justin):]
(God, I promise I will never hang out with the Run the Jewels again! El-P, what the fuck did you do to my [?]?)
Don't cry
(Why is fucking cats screaming at me?!)
Oh my
(STOP!)
Don't cry
(What the FUCK do you mean, "Don't cry?! ")

// Pawfluffer Night (Zola Jesus Remix) //

[Verse 1 - Killer Mike:]
Bunches and bunches, punches is thrown until you're frontless
Oodles and oodles, bang bullets at suckas' noodles
Last album voodoo, proved that we was fuckin' brutal
I'm talking crazy, half past the clock is cuckoo
You rappers doodoo, baby shit, just basic boo boo
I'm Shaka Zulu, Mansa Musa, my money buku
My beats is bangin', fuck what you rappin', who produced you?
I slapped the snot, take what ya got and Run The Jewels you

[Verse 2 - El-P:]
You itsy bitsy furry fright and frickin' sickly
A little prickly, dick on display for Winter swimming
Look at these kitties, Mike, I'm a rat-a-tat 'em for living
I deal in dirty work, do the deed and then dash, ditch 'em
I'd lend a hand but they stuck in a fist and gun position
We run our brand where destruction's the number one commitment
It's all a joke between mom contractions and coffin fittings
So we disappear in the smoke like we're fuckin' magicians

[Verse 3 - Killer Mike (El-P):]
No hocus pocus, you simple suckers been served a notice
Top of the morning, my fist to your face is fucking Folgers
(We might be giants, standing on little dandy shoulders)
You punks is pussy proverbial pansy panty holders
I Jake the Snake 'em, DDT 'em in mausoleums
Macabre massacres killing cunts in my colosseum
(They all actors, giving top in back of a BM
I'd fall back if the casting calls are ending in semen)

[Verse 4 - El-P:]
I'm the foulest, no need for any evaluations
I'm a phallus for Johnson and Jimmy spraying faces
Any cow that is sacred will get deface'd
Like any tyrant murderer gets replaced, face it
The fellows at the top are likely rapists
But you like "Mellow out man, just relax, it's really not that complicated"
Well pardon me, I guess I'm just as sane as you explain'ed
Or maybe sanctifying the sadistic is derange'd

[Verse 5 - Killer Mike:]
This Run The Jewels is, murder, mayhem, melodic music
Psychotics use it then lose it, junkies simply abuse it
That's word to Phillip Seymour Hoffman, I'm pushin coffin
I probably smell like a pound when they put me in a coffin
The gates of hell are pugnaciously pacin', waitin'
I give a fuck if I'm late, tell Satan be patient
But I ain't here for durations, I'm just taking vacations
And tell 'em fuck 'em, I never loved 'em and salutations

// Close Your Eyes and Meow to Fluff (Geoff Barrow Remix) //

Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them
Fuck the slow mo

Fashion slave, you protestin' to get in a fuckin' look book
Everything I scribble's like an anarchist's cookbook
(Look good, posin' in the centerfold of Crook Book)
Black on black on black with the ski mask, that is my crook look
How you like my stylin' bruh? Ain't nobody smilin' bruh
'Bout to turn this mothafucka up like Riker's Island, bruh
Where my thuggers and my crippers and my blooders and my brothers?
When you niggas gon' unite and kill the police, mothafuckas?
Or take over a jail, give them COs hell
The burnin' of the sulfur, goddamn I love the smell
Now get to pillow torchin', where the fuck the warden?
And when you find him, we don't kill him, we just waterboard him
We killin' them for freedom 'cause they tortured us for boredom
And even if some good ones die, fuck it, the Lord'll sort 'em

We're out of order, your honor, you're out of order
This whole court is unimportant, you fuckers are walkin' corpses
I'm a flip wig synonym livin' within distortion
I'll bite into a cyanide molar before you whores win
I'm a New Yorkian, I'm fucked from the jump
I wear my Yankee so tilted I actually walk with a hunch
Look at Mikey, I think he likey, we are sinister sons
(And we the type to greet the preacher with a grin and a gun
Come on!)

Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them

A wise man once said, ("We all dead, fuck it")
Just spit it disgustin' youngin' and hold your nuts while you gunnin'
I listened, tatted the sentence on my dick last summer
Now I'll never get that phrase off my brain, it's no wonder
I'm here to buy hearts, I got hundreds, honey
The cheaper the parts, the better buy for the money
I'm trained in vagina whisperin', glistenin'
Waitin' for their christenin'
I know the neighbors can't help but listen in
A dirty boy who come down on the side of dissonance
I can't even relax without sirens off in the distances
Not shittin' you, little buddy, this fuckin' island's a prison
The only solace I have is the act of conjugal visiting

My solitary condition's preventin' conjugal visits
Though mainly missin' my missus, they keepin' me from my children
Conditions create a villain, the villain is given vision
The vision becomes a vow to seek vengeance on all the vicious
Liars and politicians, profiteers of the prisons
The forehead engravers, enslavers of men and women
Including members of clergy that rule on you through religion
(So strip your kids to the nude and then tell 'em God'll forgive 'em)

Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them

It's De La on the cut, lifting six on your snitching crew
I'm miles ahead of you, you can sip my bitches brew
My battle status is burning mansions from Dallas to Malibu
Check my résumé, your residence is residue
Call her a skin job and my honey dip will backflip for you
You playin' God, your eye sockets she gon' rip into
We sick of bleeding now the trey spray and victim you
Done dyin', Phillip AK Dick in you
With clips in the bottom, we dipping through Gotham
Yes eclipsed by the shadows, a dark dance to the coffin
I'm a fellow with melanin, suspect of a felony
Rip like Rakim Allah, feds is checkin' my melody
Yes aggressively testin' with bunk stretches and penalties
Dump cases when facing to cop pleas when we seizing the pump
With reason to dump on you global grand dragons
Still piling fast bucks, Afghani toe-taggin'
Now they trackin' me and we bustin' back, see
The only thing that close quicker than our caskets be the factories

Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them
Fuck the slow mo

// All Meow Life (Nick Hook Remix) //

One time for the pill and the reefer, man
One time for...One time for...
One time for the pill and the reefer, man
One time for the...One, one-one-one

One time for the pill and the reefer man
It's the young black leader to the people, man
If you’re girl’s fine, nigga might eat her, man
I'm talkin' middle of the mall like a pita, man
A Nigga sky high now like Jesus, man
And oh Lord this reefer so potent
Got an anti gravity, a Nigga stay floatin'
This nigga rob me, bitch you must be jokin'
Like pow pow pow leave your chestplate open
One half the best tag team ever
Them other fellas all right we better
Anybody disagree they jealous
And anybody don’t just motherfucking yellow (just yellow)
Fuck a boss I’m the goddamn owner
And I smell like YSL and marijuana
Don Draper with the paper might pull a slick caper
Secretary told me "fuck you," I told her you gonna

And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch
And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch

Sharp like knife
Bet a buck I’m stuck in the guts of the night
And I’m (ready on the right)
Please pass that already, alright
Get fetti, he’s steady on the mic
What the fuck else can he do right?
Step armed heavy and he brought Mike
Never step light, no fair fights
We got the drugs y'all wanted
Take a suck on the tail of a comet
I’m so high you a hobbit
Dick level, please back up off it
Better off dead like Paul is
Your name don't Ring, go Starrless
Me and Mike we a friend to the farmers
The weed run out, we might cop your whole harvest

And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch
And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch

One time for the pill and the reefer man
And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch
And I been this way, shorty
And I been this way, bitch

Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go! Go!

// Lie, Cheat, Meow (Prince Paul Remix) //

[Verse 1 - El-P:]
Smoke from the loosie drift
Hold it like a crucifix
Blow from the nose I'm a dragon to a gnome
Got a average of bein' excellent the median just dope
Like the ratio of heroin to laxative that's sold
Authorities have spoken, demanded your pure devotion
Get magnetized to the ground while the falcons of murder close in
I chose to go guano, y'all know, kinda bat shit
The bright lights of fuckery stuck in me automatic
I'll tea bag a piranha tank, heart barely beatin'
A wild one who'll swim like directly after he's eaten
While holding a toaster oven that's plugged with a fork in it
Cause death by electrocution's like life in New York, isn't it?
Shoulda been a dentist, mom said it
Pain's the way that my craft expresses
Born in a little shop of horrors that I can't even afford to rent in
Where's the exit?
Wanna talk shop I can chop it up with exacto touch
What's the rush?
Autograph skin flaps, tag em up
I don't brag enough you de facto suck
A lotta you new to the El Producto milieu
Kinda like "fuck is you?"
I'm a little black spot on a sun of lies
But I'm not too high to say I'm the truth
I line the booth to catch blood like a Bateman
Nothing sacred I'll mace a play pen
Jewel runner bitch make the name stick
Not for sale but I'm takin payments

[Hook - Killer Mike:]
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin' it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
Everybody doin' it
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin' it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win

[Verse 2 - Killer Mike:]
I'm fly as a pegasus, that's no embellishment
I'm here to pain the whole game, where the Excedrin
Good pussy, good marijuana that be my medicine
And I'm a mixture of MJG and the Weathermen
A revolutionary bangin' on my adversaries
And I love Dr. King but violence might be necessary
Cause when you live on MLK and it gets very scary
You might have to pull your AK, send one to the cemetery
We overworked, underpaid, and we underprivileged
They love us, they love us (why?)
Because we feed the village
You really made it or just became a prisoner of privilege?
You willing to share that information that you've been given?
Like who really run this?
Like who really run that man that say he run this?
Who who really run that man that say he run this
Run run run run this?
Like who really fund this?
Like who really fund who say he fund this?
Like who in the world gon' tell Donald Sterl who to put on the "you can't come" list?
Now don't be silly
Who the fuck gon' bully me if I got a billi?
If I got a billi and the bitch recording me I'm like who cares
What I wouldn't be is on TV stutterin' ta-ta-talkin' scared
So the question is when Don's at home with that traitor ass bitch alone
Who's that voice on the side of the phone that shakes and rattles his bones?
Could it be the man behind the man behind the man behind the throne?
Gone

[Hook]

Everybody doin' it
Everybody doin' it
Everybody doin' it

// Meowrly (Boots Remix) //

[Verse 1 - Kitten Mike:]
It be feelin' like the life that I'm livin' man out of control
Like every day I'm in a fight for my soul
Could it be that my medicine's the evidence
For pigs to stop and frisk me when they rollin' round on patrol?
And ask "why you're here?"
I just tell 'em cause it is what it is
I live here and that's what it is
He chimed "you got a dime?
I said "Man, I'm tryin' to smoke and chill
Please don't lock me up in front of my kids
And in front of my wife
Man, I ain't got a gun or a knife
You do this and you ruin my life
And I apologize if it seems like I got out of line, sir
Cause I respect the badge and the gun
And I pray today ain't the day that you drag me away
Right in front of my beautiful son"
And he still put my hands in cuffs, put me in the truck
When my woman screamed, said "shut up"
Witness with the camera phone on
Saw the copper pull a gun and
Put it on my gorgeous queen
As I peered out the window
I could see my other kinfolk
And hear my little boy as he screamed
As he ran toward the copper begged him not to hurt his momma
Cause he had her face down on the ground
And I'd be much too weak to ever speak what I seen
But my life changed with that sound

[Hook - Puss in Boots:]
Get out, get out, get out, get out
Feeling this, feeling this too early
Get out, get out, get out, get out
Feeling this way, feeling this way
Feeling this, feeling this too early
Feeling this, feeling this early
Early
Early
Early
Early

[Verse 2 - El Pussy:]
It be feelin' like the life that I'm living man, I don't control
Cause every day I'm in a fight for my soul
All hands below, high seas in a rickety boat
Smoke o's so the kid might cope
You want cash or hope, no clash, matter fact get both
Go without get turnt to ghosts
You know that's the law, deal done by the shake of claws
It ain't a game if the shit don't pause
And I find you odd, so convinced in the truth of y'all
That the true truth's truly gone
And yes there's a they, any time a man say there's not
Then you know that he lost the plot, what can I say?
Truth's truth when denied or not, like it's true crews ride the cock
Fair enough, the way that the beat bump do sound tough
I made it in the dark like Civil War surgery
Woke up in the same air you huff, early
By twelve o'clock the whole Earth felt dirty
Street Lamps stare when you walk watch the birdie
They'll watch you walk to the store they're recording
But didn't record cop when he shot, no warning
Heard it go pop, might have been two blocks
Heard a kid plus pops watched cop make girl bleed
Go to home, go to sleep, up again early

[Hook - Puss in Boots:]
Get out, get out, get out, get out
Feeling this, feeling this too early
Get out, get out, get out, get out
Feeling this way, feeling this way
Feeling this, feeling this too early
Feeling this, feeling this early
Early
Early
Early
Early

// Paw Due Respect (Blood Diamonds Remix) //

This year, we iller than a nun in a cumshot
Gettin' double penetrated in a dope spot
By two hard pipe hittin' niggas
On the orders of Marcellus to the soundtrack of 2Pac
I'll beat you to a pulp no fiction
Tarantino flow, new Jules and Vincent
Blow marijuana, smoke no incense
Exhale in the face of innocent infants
On some, "Ah hah, look what I did," shit
And if I get stopped by a crooked ass cop
I'm a put a bullet in a pig and Rin Tin Tin
Ah,hah, hah, look what I did again
We the hooligans outside of school again
Sayin, "Don't be a fool, never follow rules again"
We the bad boys bully with the fully that
The teachers say ain't shit and in the need of discipline
We the goddamn reason for ritalin
In the back of the class, twitchin' and fidgetin'
Dead wrong, we never got along
We laughed at the kids that was active participants
Bad boy walk right past church with the work in a bag
And a bible of Gideon
Got suspended for bullyin' a bully
When I go back to class I'ma punch him in his shit again
Punch him in his shit again
Punch him in his shit again
Punch him in his shit again
Punch him in his shit again

I don't flirt with greatness I wifed it in Vegas
The shits all paid for I signed the papers
Used to date but then I made her my main bitch
Bought us a place on a lake with some acreage
And Mike's my neighbor straight from Greatville
Any invader get slayed and stay killed
On sovereign land, Mike fill the safe up
We call when the fam get paid a great thrill
I Bad News Bear hug beats then creep off
You drive a rape van, mullet Ray-Bans
We do vicious, you do witness
You don't clap shit you's a cricket
Run the J's we don't run so much it's all fun and games
Till my J's get scuffed, I'm livid, fuming, out of touch
I wear sweatpants to funerals, guns to lunch
Close the blinds they got drones and mine
We so close to the lie, I can almost die
I got no goals left but to save my mind
They got more holes dug in the earth, oh my
The beat get abused like I rock a wife beater
Drinker, fired by the company
Friday, late on the car note, tryna do taxes
This my house, it's high or the highway
High or the highway
High or the highway
High or the highway
High or the highway

I'm a thrill killer, I will test you
Just like daddy fuckin' left you
It's all your fault mommy's lonely
You're a burden, she needs rescue
Hey little buddy, where's your mommy?
Call me stepdad or Uncle Johnny
Here's a dollar, don't follow behind me
I gotta go bang out mom and auntie
I hunt lions, tigers, rare vaginas
Hang where the cops seem scared to find us
Pop stars peep the bars and rewind us
Fuck your life but first run the diamonds
From the jungle (the jungle), the brothers (the brothers)
Can't relate to your first world struggles
You want safety, hugs, and cuddles
IED's will leave bloody puddles
Woke up in Nigeria, kicked out America
Case of malaria, shit got scarier
Got left with a gun and a pitbull terrier
And a note from my dad said, "I hope God carry ya"
Fought one or two wars while I made it to the shores
Ya know, back to the home of a rock in Georgia
To return as a king, Michael the benevolent
Gold draped ridin' on the neck of an elephant

// Snug Again (Little Shalimar Remix) //

[Verse 1 - Killer Mike:]
Reminicin' on our time of innocence
When we drank that Hennessy, ate on lamb and vension
Face fucked you in your kitchenette, fucked you like we tusslin'
Do you fuck your husb-al-and? Like, do y'all be tusslin'?
Do you wear the muzzlin'? Do you ask him pretty please?
Do you crawl on hands and knees, like you used to do for me
Oh, you such a dirty girl, the world won't let you be yourself
I won't accept nothing else, I be having none of that
You be takin' all of this, pleasure come from punishment
Your threshold astonishin'
I think I'm in love again, found my perfect drug again, feel better than heroin
You love my alpha arrogance, 2 Live Crew the narrative (narrative)

[Hook 1 - Killer Mike & (Gansta Boo):]
I put that dick in her mouth all day
She got that, dick in her mouth all day
She take that, dick in her mouth all day
She said she wanted my, wanted my
Dick in her mouth all day, day
I give her that (dick in her mouth all day)
She play with that (dick in her mouth all day)
I think I'm in love again (love again)

[Verse 2 - El-P:]
Here I am my love
Just like when we first hooked up
Feeling like I'm animal
Feeling like your edible, bendable
I been away, I don't have too much to say
You say, "Say it anyway"
I say, "Take your shit off I'm not playing bae"
You little freak
What you are is so unique
Smart and full of filth and joy, you been with some little boys
Now you're with a grown up man, one who actually understands, kid gloves are not on my hands
I will never condescend
Now spread yourself
Smile a bit, gripped the outline of my shit
Oh, my God, I love this chick, I must put my tounge in this
Into every space I go, give me everthing you am
She said, " No, you gimmie first"
That was like a day ago, 8am
Still got my

[Hook 1]

[Verse 3 - Gansta Boo:]
That's what you want huh?
Well let me tell you a little story
I had a young player from the hood, lick my pussy real good, kept me stuck with lots of wood
Kept my bank account on swoll, sniffed my pussy like a rose, smokin'on dro
Made a porn tape, that nigga is a pro, you ain't know?
He had a lot of bad bitches in his past
But I was the one who turned that boy into a motherfuckin' man
His tounge is bomb
And he love for me to ride face
Front to back, grippin' ass
Pay my bills, where I live, fuck me good
Broke ass niggas be killing me
I'm about my money, hoe
Never been a square bitch
He ain't payin? Hit the fuckin' door
Talking slick, that Memphis shit
I be on that Haven click
Keep it ratchet, so sweet, all these boys kiss my feet
I be on that queen shit, you better bless my realness
Stick your tongue up in my ass
You better show me who you fuckin' with
Run the Jewels
Love again, you gon' lose, I'm gon' win
Let's have an orgy, I'm a share your ass with all my friends
(Yeah, hoe!)

[Hook 2 - Gangsta Boo:]
He want this clit in his mouth all day
He want this clit in his mouth all day (Yeah, hoe!)
I put this clit in his mouth all day
I've got this fool in love again (Yeah, hoe!)
I put my clit in his mouth all day
I put my clit in his mouth all day (Yeah, hoe!)
He want this clit in his mouth all day
I've got this fool in love again (Love again)

