Album: RGRhythmGangstaTheMasterpiece

// (Intro) I Love To Give You Light //

[Minister]
Say man ay ushers, deacons, lock the do'

[singers - repeat in background of Intro w/ ad libs]
(I love, to give you light)

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Geah, first of all
Givin honor to God, and all the ministers on the pulpits
Ushers, deacons, and my lovely choir
They sound so beautiful, don't you agree?
Sing it sister..
Yeah, we'd like to welcome y'all inside this R&G
Rhythm & Gangsta: The Masterpiece
Such a, heavenly experience
Alchemist, break it down for me nephew
Let me preach to 'em one time, chuuch

[Snoop Dogg]
In the beginning as a child I was chosen
Though not knowin the reason while still my eyes opened
Whatever the purpose, I surfaced above the fog
Love was given to all, outside livin the ball
As an adolescent, one black child, I had a message
to reach teachin the masses, I wrote my first passage
It was jotted down, created in the form of a rap
I'm young, livin in the city of jackers and gangbangin
and dope dealin, cold feelin to be a product of niggaz around you
Once you get on top they down you
But the temptation got me, streets caught me watchin
I found myself grindin on the streets quite often
With a blue rag, bangin the dub, fo'-fifth coffin
At the spot, 61st, 40 blocks from the Eastside
Where most of the big homies had a glock and flossed the G-ride
Niggaz throwin up hands but it wasn't no peace signs
Never fo' a second did I think to let my light shine
Hardheaded, thought I was grown, messin up
Disrespectin my home, not carin 'bout what moms what sayin
And then I found out that mom wasn't playin
Today, I love you for it, back then, I couldn't understand
Get my life right, step it up, nigga be a man
Never be a victim, of what the system might hit you with
Through the stripes still gotta shine my light
I've grown, to comprehend the game; my name is Big Snoop Boss Dogg
Just a block and a phone call away
I've reached the status, of a modern day John Baptist
I'm preachin just what I practice
To each and all, I got a word from the Beach to acros the globe
Man woman young and old
Don't gain the world, lose your soul to spite
Many circumstances Doggy gon' shine my light cause I love you

[singers - repeat in background of Outro w/ ad libs]
(I love, to give you light)

[Outro: Minister]
And the people that is locked up, locked down
And the people that's locked dowwwwwn
Also God, should purchase the new, Escalade
On 24's, with the spinnin thangs, ha ha
I need you to, right now, look at your neighbors
Cause a lot of y'all think y'all goin to heaven huh
And you ain't gon' go!
So I need you right now to, look at your neighbor
and say neighbor, say NEIGH-BOR, YOU AIN'T GOIN!!
YOU AIN'T GOIN!!

// Bang Out //

[Chorus]
Bang out, til the sun comes up 
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out

[Verse]
I toss up the set 
I walk up in this bitch with some gold on my neck
Yeah nigga, I controlling the set, rock and rollin' the bitch
Then grab a hold of my dick, I pop a hole in ya click
See you don't wanna fuck with this
One nigga found on the ground, we don't fuck around
D-O-double G pound, L-B-C style

[Jasmin Lopez]
Victory is mine,and I'm gonna shine
Ain't no need to try, can't stop my grind
Keep my pen in hand, going line from line
If you didn't know just press rewind, Victory is mine

[Chorus]
Bang out, til the sun comes up 
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out

[Verse]
Eastside, Long Beach, rolling twenties
Yup, we fully wooded,
Yeah, we wear the black and gold coats
With patch on the back that says, "Steelers"
Bang out!
A lot niggas wanna do us but they can't
Cause it's hard to get wit us
Watch out for them sliders, boy we riders
Heavy hitters, Eastsidaz, yeah (Bang out!)
We shoot first, talk later
Nigga, yaw paid her, doggy-dog sprayed her
Then I slid away, smooth little get-away
Did it wit a chill of that, (sniff, sniff)
I gonna need a hit a day
I live my life like I was John F. Kenne-day
(Hm, naw) I won't be sent away, fuck a cop, non-stop
Twenty Crip, all day 

[Chorus]
Bang out, til the sun comes up 
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out

[Jasmin Lopez]
Victory is mine,and I'm gonna shine
Ain't no need to try, can't stop my grind
Keep my pen in hand, going line from line
If you didn't know just press rewind, Victory is mine

[Ad-lib]
Yeah nigga, back bangin' (ha-ha-ha)
It's the Big Boss Dogg nigga
Snoop D-O-double G (Bang Out!)
R and G nigga, Rhythm and Gangsta
The Masterpiece
Fuckin' these niggas up once again (Yeah, Yeah)
And ya don't stop (Bang Out!)

// Drop It Like It's Hot //

Snoop, Snoop

[Snoop Dogg:]
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at you
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the Rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed 'cause I got it going on

[Pharrell Williams:]
Uh! I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams
See these ice cubes? See these Ice Creams?
Eligible bachelor, million-dollar boat
That's whiter than what's spilling down your throat
The Phantom, exterior like fish eggs
The interior like suicide wrist red
I can exercise you, this can be your Phys. Ed
Cheat on your man ma, that's how you get ahizzead
Killer with the beat, I know killers in the street
With the steel that'll make you feel like Chinchilla in the heat
So don't try to run up on my ear talking all that raspy shit
Trying to ask me shit
When my niggas fill your vest they ain't gon' pass me shit
You should think about it, take a second
Matter fact, you should take four B
And think before you fuck with lil Skateboard P

[Snoop Dogg:]
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at you
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the Rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed 'cause I got it going on

[Snoop Dogg:]
I'm a gangster, but y'all knew that
Da Big Boss Dogg, yeah I had to do that
I keep a blue flag hanging out my backside
But only on the left side, yeah that's the Crip side
Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play
I cut so much you thought I was a DJ
Two, one, yep, three!
S-N double O-P, D-O double G
I can't fake it, just break it, and when I take it
See I specialize in making all the girls get naked
So bring your friends, all of y'all come inside
We got a world premiere right here, now get live!
So don't change the dizzle, turn it up a little
I got a living room full of fine dime brizzles
Waiting on the Pizzle, the Dizzle and the Chizzle
Gs to the bizzack, now ladies here we gizzo

[Snoop Dogg:]
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at you
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the Rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed 'cause I got it going on

[Snoop Dogg:]
I'm a bad boy, with a lot of hoes
Drive my own cars, and wear my own clothes
I hang out tough, I'm a real boss
Big Snoop Dogg, yeah he's so sharp
On the TV screen and in the magazines
If you play me close, you're on a red beam
Oh you got a gun so you wanna pop back?
AK-47 now nigga, stop that!
Cement shoes, now I'm on the move
Your family's crying, now you on the news
They can't find you, and now they miss you
Must I remind you I'm only here to twist you
Pistol-whip you, dip you then flip you
Then dance to this motherfucking music we crip to
Subscribe nigga, get your issue
Baby come close, let me see how you get loose!

[Snoop Dogg:]
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at you
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the Rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed 'cause I got it going on

Snoop, Snoop

// Can I Get A Flicc Witchu //

Yeah.. brand new Snoop Dogg (Snoop Dogg)

Somethin' to crack the new year off, ya dig?

One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place

[Verse 1:]

Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Will if you insista,
I guess I'll twist her,
But give me a minute while I freak ya sista,
Push the pista,
Up against her,
No offensta, but this pimpin' mista.
Roll ya fist up, or hold ya Crist up,
Light that bitch up, and blow ya syst' up.
This that shit that get ya jive talkin',
East side artist C-Walkin',
People, people, listen closely,
I sing it cuz mostly when ya'll approach me,
Stay low key and keep it OG,
And dont try to burn rubber on me (uh uh)

[Chorus:]

I loved your movies, you're awesome Snoop. Can I get a flicc witchu?
I buy your records, everything you do. Can I get a flicc witchu? (Really?)
My daughter loves you, she's only two. Can we get a flicc witchu?
Your a handsome fella, your kinda cute. I really wanna get witchu.

[Verse 2:]

Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Take this shit back home to tha West.
Well Lyssa Brisna, in San Francisca,
The cute lil sista with the fever blista,
Said that I dissed her,
Cuz I wouldnt kiss her,
But I got her a picture and said I'd holla back witcha,
Hey, they say I'm like Mr. Bigsta,
All these bullshit moves that missed us,
Divide and twist us,
Revive, relist us, 
Remind my listenas cuz Im a minista,
Designed by ministas,
Cuz these times is sinistas,
But im gonna finish tha grindin til its done,
Knives and silly clubs,
Hos and fake thugs,
Pimps, players, and all of the above.

[Chorus]

One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place

Oooooooooh weeeeee! Yeah,
Thats bangin', loco.
For shizzle. Where was I?
Oh yes,
Spittin and flipped ya,
Thumbin thru scriptures,
Straighten ya dentures,
Pigs wont pinch us,
Wenches miss us and they wanna french kiss us,
Pack the pistas,
Twist the twistas,
Roll with me on this Dogg adventure,
But you cant enta,
Without ya credentias,
And if ya get in, you might get a picture,
So shit ya shit down, go and get down,
Cuz Huggy Bear is comin to yo town.
You dont wanna miss this,
This just like christmas,
So make ya wish list,
And go and flicc this. (Preach!)

[Chorus x2]

Go VIP with big D-O-G,
And see how gangstas do,
Once we get witcha we cant take pictures,
We came too far witchu,
Go VIP with big D-O-G,
And see what gangstas do,
Once we get witcha we cant take pictures,
We came too far witchu.

Pharrell, on the dillydo,
Follow the bouncin' ball,
Say who do ya call?
Who do ya call?
Oh, who do ya call?
Pharrell, on the dillydo,
Follow the bouncin' ball, baby.
Who do ya call?
Who do ya call? (Buuuuuurn me up!)
Burn itttt uppp,
Keepin ya hot, the spot, hot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Shake what ya got, ya got alot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Keepin ya hot, the spot, hot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Shake what ya got, ya got alot..

// Ups & Downs //

[ad-lib]
Every dog has his day
Another thirty nine inch thick classic (yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah)
Girl, as i sit here thinking to myself 
There is no one for you but me, and i mean that
And i think about all the things we've been through 
Like arguing and fighting for example
You know the love we have for each other 
It tends to out weigh what do to another 
Ya know my granddaddy use to always say 
Ya know he used to say it like this

[chorus]
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe

[verse]
What up motherfuckers? this is snoop dogg
Im trying to figure out how the fuck im gonna do y'all
Hanging with my homie from the turf, thats young q-ball
Giving me the word from the street, heres the scoop y'all
The niggaz from the eastsidaz split up (split up)
And one of 'em tried to fuck yo' shit up (what?)
Naw cuz, dont believe that, thats my nigga for life
Im out with the bullshit, im in wuth the real shit
Im at the church doing work, spittin game from the pulpit
Now thats the bidness, and god is my witness
L-B-C-2-1-3 hell yeah, we in this
Its so relentless, and all my dogs up against the life sentence
I love y'all, like i love no bitch, and thats real shit
Or some CRIP shit, homie dig this

[chorus]
There will be,ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be,ups and downs,smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be,ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe

[verse]
I used to have a lot broads that i doont fool with
I used to have a lot of homeboys i aint cool with
A lotpeople that a nigga used to go to school with 
Happy as hell to see the big dog doin it 
But what none of them would believe though (what?)
That i would be bigger the kurtis blow 
I guess he was right, these are the breaks
Despite my mistakes and aches, im gettin' cake 
To realize your fate through faith, (through faith)
Cause we all gonna get that day (for what)
To see if our lives was straight
And to see if we gonna walk through thosse pearly gates (yeah?)
To see the man upstairs, on some real talk homie
I'm tired of being stuck here 
If i could i would fly to the moon (zoom)
Y'all probably think im trippin off deeze mushrooms (i know)

[chorus]
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs,
Smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe

[ad-lib]
Now as i think back to the words my granddaddy used to say 
I never seen him in church, but he always had the word
He would always tell me! sometimes you gotta take the good with the bad 
You gotta do bad in order to do good

// The Bidness //

Ay whassup my nig?
Shit, just chillin, what's happenin?
Shit nuttin, whatchu up to?
Shit, not too much - ay you ain't seen that nigga Snoop?
Man hell naw, I been callin that nigga since Starsky & Hutch
I ain't fin' to call that nigga no more man
Tchk, oh like that?
Man f'real man, I ain't buyin that new album either
I'ma download that motherfucker for free
Let that nigga know when I see him man
Shit, there he go right there
Huh?

[Snoop Dogg]
I don't say much
I don't say Alize, no I don't say Dutch
Keep yo' hands off until I say, okay touch
I never come off tacky, I'm a boss exactly
I'm like the slick suit Snooperfly Versace
Conversation flashy, y'all niggaz can't match me
I talk to you slow, so your game can roll
Take advice from a player, don't love her just play her
Boy I never could dare, to pay double the fare
Man I swear to God it's gon' be some trouble in here
Before I pay that bitch, I'm like a bossy hog
Half dog, half gorilla, bitch Donkey Kong
Niggaz thirst for hoes, I got a thirst to ball
Tryin to knock a pimp's hustle, be the first to fall
Fuckin with a-hundred-fifty, whole can of vodka
Mixed with gangbang, got a program like Poppa (hey hold up man)
I'ma do you a favor, let this pimpin save ya
Leave that bitch alone, the homies call her Ms. Behavior
Boy you move too fast, done too much talkin
I'm too much walkin to one who keep hoes hawkin
Don't fuck with Snoop too much cause he goes off when
niggaz mouth too much, so please no flossin
I step up quicker, cause the game don't pause
I gotta stay sucka free, cause it ain't no laws
Dig this y'all

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
That's the bidness mayne, step my game up up in this mayne
Long hours hard minutes mayne, with this hustle on splendid mayne
P.A. perfect attendance mayne

[Snoop Dogg]
Cause I'm a boss..
Yeah, real bossy like, and sometimes flossy
And if you fuckin with that
{"I-I know, I, I-I-know, I know you gonna dig this"}

I had to tell you the truth homey, but you got mad
Yeah I hurt yo' feelings, FUCK IT, it's too damn bad
I'm a major player, I got major game
I might floss a different bitch, but the pimpin the same
I ain't got time for no haters, I lay 'em flat on they back
I'm from the Dogg Pound homey, I don't fuck with them cats
I fuck with, niggaz, who be bustin them shots
I'm talkin Long Beach, Inglewood, Compton, Watts
Close your chops, I knows your spots
Keep talkin nigga I'll expose your knots
You ain't ready for daddy, boy I do this for fun
It's like you versus Kobe ballin one on one
You ain't got no chance, you ain't got no fans
I kick the shit out you punk, look momma no hands
I'm not a, holy roller but I pray so hard
Help me, I'm sendin these bitch niggaz straight to God
Shit I'm too damn grown, conversation is sho't
While your talk is funny, Jack I talk with money
Keep the chain on bling, the rock is sunny
For you smart mouthted bitches I ain't that dummy
{"HELL NO," he replied}

[Chorus]

{"GOD DAMN!"} {"Let me tell you somethin"}

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
That's the bidness, that's the bidness
Aww, that's the bidness, can I get a witness?
Aww, yeah, that's the bidness, aww yeah, say what, yeah
That's the bidness, but can I get a witness?

// Snoop D.O. Double G //

[Intro (Snoop talking)]
Yeah! You know how we do
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers
Ya'll know what time it is
Big Snoop Dogg up in this motherfucka one time
I want ya'll to sing this shit wit me
It go like this, check it out.

[Hook 2x]
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump

[Verse One]
Everybody put your hands to the motherfucking center
Baby girl go on an' pull ya weave back, D-O-G, oh yeah, he back
And I'm steppin' out the all-blue Lee-zac
Word on the streets, yeah nigga, I got the feedback
I don't trip off, I get the tip off
Befo' it rip off, yeah homie, I'm the Biz-oss
I got them finger-lickin' chickens wit the siz-auce
And one of my hoes known to cut ya dick off
Leave ya stuck in the land of the liz-ost
I'm back at the mayn-sion, cold as the friz-ost
Sittin' on ten acres, dawg, wit a kiz-ost
A whole lot to you, but a lil' nothing to me
That's what you get, for fuckin' wit me
Ain't that right, Sha Money from the D-P-C
G-Unit!
You know I'm down with them boys
I clown wit them boys
Don't fuck around wit them boys, 'cause they down wit the

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
STOP! Wait! Now let me give it to ya
This is the proper hip-hopper, it get into ya
I know you liking it, loving it, or you feelin' it
D.O. Double Gizzel, oh yeah, Cuh/Cuzz be killin' it
Who the only nigga that you can call on?
When ya favorite rapper fall off, the Big Dogg, fall on
10, 11, 12, or was it 13?
How many years a nigga been in the game, and I'm still so clean
I'm flippin' up the game and shit
I maintain my thang wit this
And I, never hesitate to bang a bitch
I'm having millions, and I'm still banging Crip
Um, um, wouldn't you believe it?
Even after achievin', got a deal wit the heathens
But, as long as I'm breathing
I'ma keep walking like Jesus
My name is

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
"Whatchu gone next, how you gone say it
When yo album come out dawg, I can't wait to play it
Tell the truth, my nigga, I love all ya work"
Well, from me to you low, welcome to the Church
Mi casa, su casa
So, get ya drank on and smoke on nigga, go on an' boss up
You can holla at baby, it's ok to me
Then I love it when them motherfuckers say to me

[Hook]

[Outro (Snoop talking)]
Yeah! Sha Money, representin' G-Unit, good lookin' my nigga
As usual, it's a DPG-Unit connection
You know how we do it
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers

[echoes]
Snoop D.O. Double G

// Let's Get Blown //

[Pharrell] Yesssirrr!

[Chorus - Pharrell Williams & Vanessa Marquez]
[V] Can I get more thrills?
[P] You know you want some more girl, so come on
[V] Can I get more thrills?
[P] You know you want some more girl, so come on
Let's get blowwwwwnnnn.. let's get blowwwwwnnnn..

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Looking at the ladies, all of them fly
I don't know which one I want dawg
I can't make up my mind, girl
So won't you make it easy on me?
Take this drink, then hit this weed
Two step wit me, let's slip to the dance floor
On and on and on and on we go
I'll dip you if you want me to
You see I really wanna get a little front wit you, bigidy bump wit you
A nigga wanna hump you and then just comfort you
And then I'll pop the top and lay you on the cot, and get you nice and hot
Yeah yeah, it's all to the real
We could do it like Guy, c'mon girl "Let's Chill"

[Chorus]

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Now you can fly the friendly skies
With the S-N double O-P D-O double G-Y
Now don't ask why, just keep looking good in the hood
Damn girl, you so fly! We could do what you want to
You say you drink Alize or was is Malibu? It don't really matter though
You remind me of the time when I had a ho
She kept telling me Doggy Dogg I gotta go
So I let her get in the wind and co-macked her friend
2 plus 2, it equals 4, this is some shit that could last forever more
I'm trying to put my bid in, naw I'm just kidding
Come on ma get in, and don't ask where we going
Pimping and hoeing, drink pouring and weed blowing, you know it c'mon!

[Chorus]

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
I've been looking at you, from the corner of my eyes
Checking out your hips, lips, tits and your theighs
I've been wanting to do you, for a mighty long time
You make a pimp wanna sing I - I - I
We'll head to the hills, your dreams I'll fulfill
We could do it how you want, cause I'm oh so real
Tell me you, naw I won't squeal
You wit Da Big Bo$$ Dogg so seal the deal
Pharrell got the Babyface and Snoop got the Whip Appeal, so name the place
This love I bring to you, on the real baby girl
Won't you do me a favor and sing for Snoop

[Chorus]

[Outro - Pharrell & Vanessa]
You know you want it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
So come and get it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
If I got it (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
(Then you can get it) Ya know! Hey!!! Oh!!
Can I get more thrills? .. Can I get more thrills?

// Step Yo Game Up //

Yeah Man What's Going on Man It's really really pimpin' up in here man
I know you ain't seen pimpin' in a long time man I've been MIA
You know what I'm sayin' missin in action I ain't been on no milk carton box
but I've been milking and boxing these bitches
cuz they got to step they game up you know what I mean

[Chorus]
What you lookin' at (step yo game up!)
What you waitin' for (step yo game up!)
Go on come on in the door (step yo game up!)
Drop it to the floor and just (step yo game up!)
You a kid (step yo game up!)
You drink gin (step yo game up!)
Is that your friend (step yo game up!)
Tell a nigga you with you better (step yo game up!)

[Lil John]

[x2] Break it down bitch, let me see you back it up
drop that ass down low then pick that motherfucker up

[x4] Back that pussy tease a motherfucker

[x2] Rub that shit it's yours bitch, grab his dick it's yours bitch

[x2] Now turn around bitch, put that ass on a nigga, grind on his dick make it get a little
bigger

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Bitch wanna act like she ain't never been with fast lane pimpin' on em
Nails with the french tip potato chip yup with a french dip say she wanna french kiss all on my diz-nick
It's cool, go on and break fool if you have to, what which you won't do, bitch I'ma slap you
Stay in line ho it's a pimp affair, if you down to get low I can take you there
But you can't fake once you hit the gate, shake till it ache, work that birthday cake
You say you wanna make it ho, well quit bullshittin' and get naked ho
Now you always got to be hot and vicious, so move them biscuits and hit them tricks bitch
Now you got about a minute to fix this cuz I'm trying to find a bitch that's bootylicious

[Chorus]

[Trina]
P-U-S-S-Y, run a world, I'm the girl in the flesh ah
Lookin' for a nigga that will suck me like a blow pop
Run that dick to the door, do me baby don't stop
Same nigga talkin' all that shit
Just a little bitch, little balls, little dick
Let me show you how to work your tongue like a hurricane
We ain't here to play no games, baby give me everything
I know you like me when I drop it down low
Show it from the back, look back, let it roll
Drop it to the floor like a g-bitch supposed to
Shake it shake it shake it make a nigga go postal
But that's for fucking with a miami girl (?)
Get your man, take his money, and then buy the world
So nigga don't front, cuz fat wallets and big dicks is all I want

[Chorus]

[x8] Church, Preach, Tabernacle

[Chorus]

// Perfect //

[Charlie Wilson croons in the background]

[Snoop Dogg]
Beautiful.. perfect.. flawless.. debonaire

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson]
Where'd you get that silky skin?
And the colors those eyes come in?
Does the light come from within?
God made you, did he make the grin?
Wings are under all your clothes
You worth more than your weight in gold
Where did God put down your mole
Or were you only made for show?
Girl you're perrr-feeeect - when God made you
I wonder if he kept the mold, or are you just for show?
Girl you're perrr-feeeect - when I see you
it takes my mind to cloud nine, girl you're so fine, yeah - hey

[Snoop Dogg]
Lovable, and yeah you're pursuable
Everything is beautiful, even down to your cuticles
It ain't about me, it's all about you
You make me do what you want me to
Yeah, it's just like that
Here go my number baby girl why don't you get right back
You're a, perfect dime, I'm workin mine
Just the thought of me and you I mean it's blowin my mind
Cain't explain it doe, but if I'm wit'chu
I can't remain a ho, or stay in the flow
It's a shame to know, I maintain the flow
Baby girl me and you is unexplainable
Mm, yeah - we need to get into actin
Cain't you see this is a natural attraction
A lot of maxin and relaxin
C'mon baby girl, give a player some action, I'm askin

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
If you would, if I could
You make the bad boy in me go good
Tell a lie?  No I tell the truth
Baby boo on the real you know you hundred proof
Mm, I can't even believe that
You livin the single life, damn I need that
I hate to see a queen without a king
If I had you I'd get you e'rything
Coast to coast, L.A. to Chicago
See my baby go wherever I go
Costa Rica, Obregato
If I get you I hit the lotto
Loco shoppin, get what you want to
Sky's the limit, so go on and spend it
I said it cause I meant it
So go and give me your love and get in it to win it
Hit it

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Mm, I know you dig my rappin
I see you smilin so I might get some action
Yeah, so let's get it crackin
It won't be no +Rerun+, "Hey hey hey - +What's Happenin'+?"
It won't be no type of scrappin
Me and you, this is everlastin
I hate to sound sarcastic
But we'll make a classic, it'll be fantastic
We need to get into actin
Cain't you see this is a natural attraction
A lot of maxin and relaxin
C'mon baby girl give a player some action, I'm askin

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg (Charlie Wilson ad libs)]
Mm, the perfect girl, livin in the perfect world
Like I said, I hate to see a queen without a king
I'm available, let's make it happen
Yeah, the dime or the dub, how you love that?
Ha ha ha
Yeah, 'Beautiful Part 2' - thought you knew

// Fresh Pair Of Panties On //

It's time to slow it down, steadily grindin
And this is, the big Doggy Dogg..

And I ain't talkin about no Air Force Ones
I just gotta know, before you let me get some

[Chorus]
Do you have a fresh pair of panties on?
I got to know, or you could show, me
Silk cotton see-through lace your sexy thong
I got to know, or you could show, me

[Snoop Dogg]
Freak-a-leek, peak peak
Let a nigga sneak a few, peek-a-boo
Let's see what we can do
I'm bout freakin you, and sneakin you
Into a quiet place
So I can look at it face to face
Let me guess, you prefer to wear cotton
I can tell, cause you like squattin
Your last dude, he was so rotten
And now your love is to be gotten
Yeah baby girl I can read your mind
But what I'm really tryin to do is ready between your pantylines
I know it seems oh so personal
But I'm just tryin to make you feel real comfortable
I know, so, what will it be?
And the type of underwear you wear I mean it's troublin me
Can I get a glimpse, one for the pimps?
I got one question, answer me this then

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
You came by the chuuch with a whole lot of body
Got invited to our annual pajama party
Workin that lace, I think it was the French cut
Yeah bitch, you got a big ol' butt
Hidin it, should be dividin it
It's real tight now but I got a way to widen it
And slide in it, real smooth like
with a little bit of Miles Davis to get you in the mood like
zoom boom hit the poom-poom right
Just to get your groove right
I can make it happen, but it can't happen if you ain't good at it
When you gon' let a nigga have a look at it?
Callin all cars, yeah baby girl you a star
But it's on you if you wanna go real far
Now let me get a glimpse, one for the pimps
I, have one question, answer me this

[Chorus]

// Promise I //

Promise I never leave you...

[Chorus]
Boy Boy Boy
You know that you got me Snoop
You're a joy joy joy
It's all the pimpin things you do
You got me in a daze
And I dont know if it's the haze
Cuz we smoke so much ooh ooh
(Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh)

Yea the bitch gotta bitch
Hang out with the D-O-Double
Girl be apart of this
Now hang up your coat
Blaze the dope 
Never missin a stroke
Yeah Yea
Now this here is a tapita
You ever seen a stretch Li Jet two seater (No)
It aint what you want it's what you need
A real ass nigga to help you kick your feet up (Yea)
Now flip your channel to Lifetime
You stay on my mind even when I'm writing rhymes
We can chill all day until the nightime
I'll let you know when to go at the right time
I know you don't want to go
But you got to get the hell up outta here
I say go, you say no, Go

[Chorus]

Have a drink have a toast
What it do, whateva you want
And we dont wait until the first of the month
We never hesitate to roll a hundred dolla blunt
Nigga money it's nothing to us
It's big pimpin over here baby you fuckin wit us
Struck it rich with the struck of the luck of the dutch
Tripled you up you alittle late for the flush
You got plans for a honeymoon
I got plans to move your fine ass up in my living room
At the studio on the D-low is you wit it
You gots to stay committed
To do what I say no matter how I spit it, you wit it
If I say go, that means go
Now go

[Chorus]

ooh ooh
Yea come spend a week with the Black jack tripper 
Unzip your zipper 
Got a couple of bitches that's Gonna help you up outta that
I want you to sing wit 'em 
All of yall sing together
Come on we gon get
Let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
All my bitches let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
C'mon let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
Promise I never leave you

// Oh No //

[50 talkin:] It's 50 Cent & S-N-double O-P
You don't want no snoop & you don't want it wit me

[Chorus (50 cent):]
Everytime I come around they like "Oh No"
I get to trippin; slap the clip up in my 44
Shit I been thru in my hood made my heart cold
I get to poppin off that thang like I'm loco
No sense in coppin pleas when you see my knife out (knife out)
Motherfuckers light out (lights out)

Here comes Snoop, uh (oh shit) (Oh No)
Sup Nigga, sup now, huh? (Oh No)

[Snoop:]
Ricky Ticky Timble, C's is the symbol
Courdoroy khakis, stacies & brimmed up
Straight razors just to keep you trimmed up
1-8-7, oh yeah, now you remember
He's electrifyin & original
So gangster, Snoop Dogg the criminal
The one you hate to love, in the club, in the cut
Hugged up wit yo bitch, nigga I don't give a shit
You betta check dat ho, that's what wreckin G
Now step your game down, cause ain't no checkin me
You'll be respectin me until you leave this room
Or my gat'll go boom, bullets go zoom
Now your names on a tomb
They pourin out liqour wit no room to consume, you silly bafoon
I pop niggas like balloons, I ain't feelin em
Walkin in my big blue chucks cause I'm killin em

[Chorus]

[Talkin:] Hey whaddup cuz, it's 50 cent;
What's happnin nigga?

[50 Cent:]
Ever since the moment I was born I been dyin (Yea)
Hundred miles an hour pulse flyin wit my eye... an
He who fears fate lives like a coward
You go against me, you'll be devoured
Then you get to poppin you'll have a change of heart
I hit your chest a couple times you'll have to change your heart
Have doc usin donors, dead niggas with spare parts
You come back wit lungs of a snitch, an the heart of a dead nark
Niggas never see the light till it spark
Then they bleed, it get cold, then shit get dark
You can call me the beast from the east, I run these streets
You can eat hollow tip shells or you can work for me
These rap niggas crazy, my mercy has limits
Push Me - a hundred revolvers'll get to spinnin
Your services are no longer needed; Rock-a-bye baby
My bitch'll do it to you with a lil 380 (Yea)

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg:]
I'm bailin thru the door again
Let the Momo pour again
Me & my ho again
Yea she got the four up in this motherfucker
And Imma bust it if you try to rush us or touch us or sucka duck us
It'll crack off, Now back off - real slow
An if you don't know, I never hesitate to shoot a ho
Yea that's my reputation - you test my patience &
You & your fam - bam - gon hear the blam, blam
Goddammit I'm at it again
They done let that bitch nigga up outta the pen
And now he lookin for me - what the heck - my game is built on respect
Now I'm breathin down your mortherfuckin neck
I dumps till my clips is empty
I'm headin down Willshire to San Vicente
And when I get there don't ask who sent me
Just take dem shots an drop it like it's hot
Bitch Nigga

[Chorus]

[Talkin:]
Ha-ha-ha
Yea Nigga
Just when you thought I was gone
Slide back up on you like the wind nigga
Hurricane D-O-Double G
With the G,G,G,G,G, G-unit

// Can U Control Yo Hoe //

Niggas, get your milla genuine draft, cause its milla time, we about to go hard on these hoes on
this one right here.

[Chorus]
[soopafly] Can you control your hoe? (You got a bitch that wont do what you say)
You can't control your hoe? (She hardheaded, she just won't obey)
Can you control your hoe? (You've got to know what to do, and what to say)
You've got to put that bitch in her place, even if it's slapping her in her face.
Ya got to control your hoe. Can you control your hoe? 

I went to your house; your girl came in and started cussing you out. You should have slapped her
in her face, I wanted to tell you, but it wasn't my place. I kept it on the low, cause I know you
was gonna check that hoe. But instead, you was quiet as a mouse, maybe you started to think it
wasn't your house. Cause she was acting like a nut, you got a kind of bitch that would kick your
butt. What kind of pimp holds back? Never met a bitch that a pimp can't slap, whats wrong with
the pimpin'? Why you get a whippin'? All I got to say is this:

[Chorus]

[Verse: 2]
This is what you made me do; I really didn't want to put hands on you. But bitch you playin'
with fire, i'm so sick and tired, of loud mouth bitches like you, a nigga had to go and put tips
on you, cause bitch you playin' with fire, i'm so sick and tired. 

This is what you forced me to do, I really didn't want to put hands on you, but bitch you
playin' with fire, i'm so sick and tired. Of bitches like you, a nigga had to go and put tips on
you, bitch you playin' with fire, I'm so sick and tired.  

[Chorus]
(No: can you control your hoe? At the end.)

// Signs //

[Chorus - Justin Timberlake (Uncle Charlie Wilson)]
I'm not sure what I see
Cupid don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign? (OHHH!!!)

[Snoop Dogg]
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Ooh wee!!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
It's legit, you know it's a hit
When The Neptunes and the Doggy Dogg fin to spit
You know he's in - tune with the season
Come here baby, tell me why you leaving?
Tell me if it's weed that you needing
You wanna breathe? I got the best weed minus seeds
Ain't nobody tripping VIP they can't get in
If something go wrong then you know we get to Cripping

[Chorus - Justin Timberlake]
I'm not sure what I see
You better don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign?

[Snoop Dogg]
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Oh ohhh!! yeah!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Now you stepping wit a G, from Los Angeles
Where helicopters got cameras, just to get a glimpse of our Chucks
And our Khakis and our bouncer cars
You wit you friend right? (yeah)
She ain't trying to bring over no men right? (no)
Shiieet, she ain't gotta be in the distance
She could get high all in an instant

[Chorus - Justin Timberlake]
I'm not sure what I see
You better don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign?

[Snoop Dogg]
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Oh ohhh!! yeah!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!

[Verse - Snoop Dogg (Justin Timberlake)]
Mami, mamasita, have you ever - flown on G5s
From London - to Ibiza. You gotta have Cape Town
You'll have Sunday's with chiquitas
You'll see Venus and Serena, in the Wimbledon Arena
And I can take you (Uncle Charlie, preach!!)

[Bridge - Uncle Charlie Wilson (Justin Timberlake)]
Nigga don't be young and foolish
You don't know what you're doing
You don't know what you've lost until she's gone (gone)
And her pretty face, drove you wild
But you ain't got that Snoop Doggy Dogg Style

[Chorus - Justin Timberlake (Uncle Charlie Wilson)]
I'm not sure what I see
Cupid don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign? (OHHH!!!)

[Snoop Dogg]
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Ooh wee!!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll (hey!) you ain't no G!
(Ooh wee!!) You ain't no G! (oh oh ohh! .. Ooh wee!!)

// I'm Threw Witchu //

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah man, this is another 9 inch dick classic
We wanna dedicate this one, to all the fellas
who got a hardhead bitch, who just won't listen
Y'know?  The best thing to do, is leave her
Don't hit her, shake that ho (bitch I'm gone!)

[Chorus: Soopafly]
Bitch I'm gone.. I can't take it no mo'
I can't get through to you
There's nothin I can say that you seem to understand
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. I'm out oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm through wit'chu
Oh I'm through wit'chu, yeah

[Soopafly]
I knew that you, was a ho back then
And bitch you're still one now
Ya like to bust, nuts in your face
But with that big-ass mouth
you need to shut the fuck up, you talk too much
I told you once before, yeah
That pimpin don't, like to tell you twice
So I'm walkin out that dooooooooooor

[Chorus: Soopafly]
Bitch I'm gone.. oh yeah bitch I'm, oh I, I got to get the, hell outta here
I can't get through to you
I can't get through to you, you talk too much, I can't tell you shit
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh yeah I'm goin I got to get out
I'm through wit'chu
Oh yeah, I'm through wit'chu bitch, yeah yeah

[Soopafly]
(Bitch I'm gone) Bitch I'm through wit'chu
I'm through wit'chu, cause I refuse to lose
I can't be locked in your world
(Bitch I'm gone) I need to breath, I got to roll
(I'm through wit'chu) Ain't no way
I can stay another day wit'chu

Bye bye bitch, and wit all the other pussy, yeah
a nigga got besides yo' big head good and butt fo' ugly kids
Still livin with ya grandmama buckin mouth ass
You shoulda known, you was fuckin with a mack (MACK)
Instead of steppin your game up, you got pushed way to the back
(Step off, step on back)
I seen yo' expression, when you seen me pimpin in the club
It looked like, it looked like you wanted to break down, down and cry
But I just didn't give a damn, I didn't give a damn, no no I didn't
Cause bitches ain't shit, anyway, so don't even ask me why

[Chorus: Soopafly]
Bitch I'm gone.. I'm I'm gone hah, yes I am, I got to get ta
I can't get through to you
Got to get ta, got to get ta hell outta here, oh yeah
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh bitch a, I got too many bitches, anyway
I'm through wit'chu
To be, foolin wit'cho, ugly, ugly, ugly ass

Oh, break it down (break it down)
Oh we got to break it down (break it down, break it down)
Whoaahhh, aw yeah yeah yeah yeah

Hey hey hey, what's up baby?
Come on in, sit down, what'chu got, what'chu got there?
Y'now, I seen you today baby, you know what?
Just sit the fuck down bitch!
I ain't playin no God damn game wit'chu right now bitch
Y'knahmean?  There's a lotta time and effort up in this shit, y'knahmean?
Wanna tell you a lil' somethin like this bitch
I got everything, you don't have nothin
Bitch, I ain't believin a motherfuckin word you say bitch
Get yo' shit, and get the fuck outta here
Even though it's yo' motherfuckin house, get the fuck up outta here
You know what?  I'm leavin this motherfucker
Got a fo' bedroom upstairs, I'm movin your sister in bitch

[Chorus - singers only version, in background]

And I gotta protective order against yo' punk bitch-ass
So we gon' partyin all night long
And your sister a twin so the bitch is the same bitch
I'm out

Aw, my car is parked right outside
I got a full tank of gas, and away I go

[Snoop] Bye bye

// Pass It Pass It //

[Chorus - Pharrell Williams (Vanessa Marquez)]
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Please don't be greedy! nooo!
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Breathe it in! Now let go!
(La la la la la la la la la)
Breathe it in! Now let go!
(La la la la la la la la la)

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Roll up a fat one and pass it around
Lay back hypnotized by The Neptunes sound
My peoples always see me and they think I'm on point
So they roll me a blunt, or either pass me a joint
I'm the modern day Rick James, yeah that's me
Anything less than the best is blasphemy
So ask for me - when you wanna get spliffted
I'm not Keith Murray but I'll Get Ya Lifted
Terrific, cause this is just the linguistics
This shit's cannibalistic, so I mixed it and twisted
With the berries and cherries, the high berries
The aura is horror, man this shit is so scary!
I took another hit and then my vision got blurry
I had to pass this shit in a motherfucking hurry
I'm looking at this chick, real thick, her name is Cheri
Big fat booty and her pootie was hairy, c'mon biatch!

[Chorus]

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Nick nack patty wack, give a Dogg a bone
Naw don't gimme nothing but a handful of stones
Don't stop! I ain't finised yet
You say you got the bomb? You wanna make a bet? it's on!
I blew about three zones then took baby home
Nigga what?! Motherfucker I'm grown
I have it how I want it, did it done it and stunted
Fronted a hundred to my nigga cause he want to get blunted
Ain't nothing to it, but to do it so I did it cause I'm wit it
This is the Face Off, the one hitter quitter
It'll lay you on your back fast, sweat start to trickle
Everything is moving like you on a tricycle
You caught up in the pickle but I get you out
I blow you a charge through your nose, not your mouth
Slow down! hoe damn! you're doing too much
You're supposed to take two puffs then give the shit up, c'mon!

[Chorus]

[Verse - Snoop Dogg]
Yeah this is classic, fantastic, I'm blasted
I've been growing and blowing, niggaz wonder how I lasted
Well, like Jesus I fasted, for 40 days and 40 nights
I got it all mastered
Now I need a hit of that, Neptune-ology
Gangsta philosophy, yep yep I gotta be
Real high, whenever writing my novelty
Because it adds to my celebrity
So I celebrated, teledated, innovated, dominated
Orchestrated, situated, petuated, reinstated
Then I created, you're happy that I made it
Take another hit, young nigga get faded
We're going all out, smoke till ya fall out
D-O double G House all in ya mouth
The West got the best, the East got the peace
I'm out and about with a blunt in my mouth, peace!

[Chorus]

// Girl Like U //

[Chorus]
If I didnt have no dough would you love me, if we didnt have a place to go would you still be
There or would you leave me alone when the chips are down,or would you stay around, and lay down,
Oh girl,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,

[Nelly]
Oh yeah who that is standing there like that looking from the front but I can see whats in the
Back, hips like oh, eyes like oh, pretty toes in a row and they be looking like wow

[Snoop]
I dont know nephew lets just do what we do, lets just slide up on thise hoes and put this pimpn to use,
(agree) and then what we do (what we do) you take the one in the white I'll take the one in
The blue

[Chorus]

[Snoop]
Hey yo I dont know if you been told but you look like you should be gold, youre so preasus the
Way you shape up im just hear to help you step youre game up you look like you might ride for me
Hop in front of the bullet and die for me cause when I fly you be fly and when I fly to other
Countries you goin fly with me

[Chorus]

[Snoop]
Now as the night wines down and the weed gets down, playas till playing and im still on the
Floor, I groove to the beat untill my feet get tired I just want to be youre dessire, eva caneva
Best beliva youre not a dime pice youre a diva take it from me you can be the O.N.E if you roll
With me

[Nelly]
If looks were the case babygirl id be a federal the top perfect incredible the bottom
As editble uh I aint telling you what I heard man im telling you what I know and I aint telling
Her what to say but where to go, but if she wants we can take trip down with the homie d-o double
G and if she wants we can form a lil down if its low key yes we would go down

[Chorus]

Clap your hands everybody,
Everybody claps your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and the n-e double l-y band, I saied clap your hand everybody,
Everybody clap your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and the n-e double l-y band

