Album: SventevithStormingNearTheBaltic

// Transylvanian Forest //

Pure paganism I worship in the woods
Forest's mountains never saw by human eye
Kingdom of the ancient and horned evil
Covered by golden wood and black thorns
My armor like a bark of old oak
I rape my wounds and blood flows down to the ground

Covered by the snow naked crowns of trees
Like crying mothers Slavonic worshippers
Pagan warriors hide in frozen wood
Like black statues born in the heart of winterevil
Ride on the thunders and moonstorms
Where the land is open for full witching moon

Mouth kiss the leaves fallen in the past
Fingers touch the frozen land
Pagan fears fall down on icy skin
Wild eyes filled with darkred blood
Are staring into depths of virgin forest
Where my grave on unholy land

Covered by the snow...

Winds carry me through Transylvania
Virgin evil hidden in the blackest heart
I joined the ceremony of wolves
Where unsilent gods sit high on their goathrones
Now the majesty is ready for pure holocaust
The feast of Babylon whore and her wolf

// Chant Of The Eastern Lands //

In the forest of the Eternal dreaming
Old oak lighted up by the fullmoon's light
The coldness of dungeon torches the inside of wooden maze
From the womb of the mother-wolf I was born
The witches foretold the coming of tragedy
They awakened fright in the hearts of my enemies
In the midnight wilderness I took a pledge
Quickly I fell in love with the taste of steel
For ages waiting for its donudation
The final triumph
The pure barbarity
I howl to the moon to support my battle
The moon, symbol of purity, the essence of beauty
I damn the sun, rising again and again
In brightness of bloody light, steel holocaust
I received hails from the northern side
Of snowcovered Carpathians
The light breath of nightbreeze, as a sign
I summon the iron powers, cavalry of my brothers
From the land of armageddish fields
I am bard of the eastern lands...
I lead my brothers for death struggle
In glory of victory my armies rise
Barbarians tribes with fury of desecration
With axes reach the sky, hiding usurpator in their wings
Call the clouds, desecrating all the holiness
Hurt bodies on the snow, Pandaemonium burns
This battle is a rebellion, rebirth of old traditions
Mythical hell is the paradise to the true warriors
There they attain eternity and sit high on the thrones
Pagan nations became united
Mighty bards received their long awaited silence
Slavs returned to their villages and woods
Pagan frights of heavenly hell dispelled
...I opened the door to the higher than stars knowledge
And took a long walk through the unknown dimensions
As the sign of the fullmoon, in damnations I shall rise

// From The Pagan Vastlands //

From the land which hasn't enter yet
Into the history
From the depths of swamps we are bringing
Proudly our name
At night, kissing the moonlight -
- rebel children living in twilight
Like wolves...
...some named us so...
Union with people from the sign
Of the half-moon
To crush the golden walls of
Earthly heaven,
To strangle the pestilence...
To the lands of the mighty Empire
Others even think about with fear
We invaded a state with sword
In our hands
Roma means nothing
In the land of Slavs!
Today forests sing about the legend,
Long forgotten spirits
Whose names nobody remembers now
Waiting their day to reborn
Their visions of the past
Are torturing our souls
Whispering in the dark...
...they will come here again
To reign supreme
Believe my words...
From unremembrance
From Fire and Water
From the sacred woods
Ancient Wolves gather
From the burnt Arkona
...From the Pagan Vastlands!
Black horse rides across the sky
With a sword we will open the amber gates of Nawia
Dzieci Svantevitha nienawidza Chrystusa!!!
Dzieci Svantevitha nienawidza boga-krzyza!!!

// Hidden In A Fog //

Night in the mountains comes with the fly of a raven
Carpathians bathed in the light of the moon
In old ruins where the dying shadows
Are watching the shine from the stars
Nobody remembers days of glory
Several hundreds years passed in silence
Not a soul has been seen here
I am standing on a hill
So silent is the sky
I am drinking in the cold of this night
Old grey wolf lying upon my foots
Is licking the hand of mine
It is night... in my heart
It is moon... in my eyes
I am hidden in a fog - my own breath
Small village in a valley
Sleeping in a fear, in a fear of me!
Loathsome race of the mortals
Magic of wolfish teeth, wings of bats
Faithful guards of religion
Old as the blood itself -
- The Cult of the Undead Vampirism!
Frenzy of lust, frenzy of pain
She was only fourteen
No cry has bursted from her lips
Pity that she had to die
But how sweet was her neck...
It is night... in my heart
It is moon... in my eyes
I am hidden in a fog - my own breath
Sometimes only my anthem of triumph
Echoes in mountainous landscape
Like blood from torn open arteries
Poison flows down the tongue
Somewhere far away a howling can be heard
Oh, how beautiful is the night of Transylvania!
Frenzy of lust, frenzy of pain
Blood is life... ETERNAL!

// Entering The Faustian Soul //

...With a little fear I kiss the moonlight
How exciting is the thought
About having a taste of your kingdom
Which wakes up to life, at night...
When the servants carry me to the gates of Helevorn
Dreams about unlimited dimensions
Float over Thy Golden Palace
Snowcovered majesty, damned
In nocturnal solitude I pace, deeper into virgin forest
Among sadness and depressive thoughts
Visit firmaments of dead nature
In the glare of black mirror, asleep
Forgotten temples of gods (of forests)
Welcoming the son of godly Teuton, father of fathers
The source of the deepest darkness and magic
The mightiest emperor, cammrad of war
With blessings I join the caravan of my brothers
Like a thunder I strike into the Jehova's armies
I dance with holocauststorms in this battle
I set the holy fire of aurora borealis
This fire, this flame, this redness, live forever...

// Forgotten Cult Of Aldaron //

Since a long time I've visited those old dungeons
I spilled the first blood in the depth
In the darkness of the forest's maze
I found her, morbid beauty
I used to spend whole days
In the mystic places of Delduwath
There, where the light of the halfmoon
Fell as the dying sun
The wolf's howling was lulling to sleep
My young soul...
How beautiful were the views of nocturnal land
How wonderful was the life in complete solitude
Away from villages and towns, mansions and palaces
The last moments give birth to memories in me
Who was that beauty, majestic and great
What were those views, beautifully gilded by leaves
Which were hiding behind them so many mystic wefts
They stole my solitude and independence
I lie crushed by the chains in a wet cell, bleeding
I am awaiting for mother, the last hope, death
Let the died out fire away in me, let it awake Aldaron
Black gusts of dust covered my divine person with their arms
The gates of nature for ages dead, opened themselves
Tears of soil filled the green valleys
Naked Carpathian mountains denudated its might
Rights which created this world
With fury strike heaven, pearly gates
The dark powers of nature unleashed veritable war
The last breaths of sun falling onto the snow
Turned into the scream of the dying light...

// Wolves Guard My Coffin //

Delightful night...
When the fullmoon lights cemetery's valley
Winds of frost strike my tomb
When I am in eternal sleep
When wild storms dwell
Wind blows through the Baltic
Instincts unleash the war inside
And strike the sky with holocausthunder
Mountains sleep, the forest
Covers freezing land where I was born
Now I walk among the castles
Watch the streams of frozen tears
Spilled with blood of forefathers
Nightbreeze feed my spiritual form
And spirits gather, floating in the mist
My eastern empires spread wings of winter
Visions of destructions ruin and tragedies
Tasting pure sin, fade into the pit
And walk through my beloved, endless woods...
I summon all the beauty Evil
To rape the bodies of your disciples
Too long I hide in shades of woods...
And now I build my beauty Hall
Wallachian tyrant, I bring a winter
I come with frost and burning hate!
Follow the Gods of Eastern Lands
Being the battle which blows the earth

// Hell Dwells In Ice //

There was only one long and terrible winter
Where icy blackness covered the sun and the grass
Dethroned light ended its existence
Hell brought there all thunders and winds
All the blasphemy from the four sides of the world
Gods have forgotten this land, where fear
Caught the throat with the bony hand
And the wolf howled gloomy song of cold, frost and hunger...
The lakes enslaved in hard icy shackles
Wild trees covered the happy world
Which will never wake up again!
Life has affected a new form here
Through the icy vastlands run wild
Hordes of wolves, moonless night, that's all
Moon is covered with fresh meat, threw by the hungry hordes

