Album: TheAmazingNinaSimone

// Blue Prelude //

Let me cry, let me sigh
When I'm blue
Let me go way from this lonely town

Won't be long for my song
Will be thru
Cause I know I'm on my last go-round

All the love I could steal beg or borrow
Wouldn't heal all this pain in my soul
What is Love but a prelude to sorrow
With heartache ahead for your goal

Here I go, now you know
Why I'm leaving
Got the Blues, What can I lose....Good-bye.

// Tomorrow (We Will Meet Once More) //

Oh she was a the fairest in Trinidad
And he was a wandering sailor lad,
But she stole his heart as no other had

Tomorrow, tomorrow we will meet once more
In the old village square,
So wait for me darlin' and I'll be there.

The moon was so young and their hearts were gay,
I'm yours for ever he heard her say,
But she knew in her heart that he could not stay.

Tomorrow, tomorrow we will meet once more,
In the old village square,
So wait for me darlin' and I'll be there.

Now her heart is sad as he sails the sea,
And I heard her sigh, "Oh come back to me",
And the wind in the waves whispered mournfully,

"Tomorrow, tomorrow we will meet once more,
In the old village square,
So wait for me darlin' and I'll be there."

Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow

// Stompin' At The Savoy //

Savoy, the home of sweet romance,
Savoy, it wins you with a glance,
Savoy, gives happy feet a chance to dance.

Your old form just like a clinging vine,
Your lips so warm and sweet as wine,
Your cheek so soft and close to mine, divine.

How my heart is singing,
While the band is swinging,
I'm never tired of romping,
And stomping with you at the Savoy.
What joy - a perfect holiday,
Savoy, where we can glide and sway,
Savoy, let me stomp away with you;

The home of sweet romance,
It wins you at a glance,
Gives happy feet a chance to dance.
Just like a clinging vine,
So soft and sweet as wine,
So soft and close to mine, divine.

How my heart is singing,
While the band is swinging,
I'm never, never, never tired of romping,
And stomping with you at the Savoy.
What joy - a perfect holiday,
Savoy, where we can glide and sway,
Savoy, let me stomp away with you;

// It Might As Well Be Spring //

The things I used to like, I don't like any more,
I want a lot of other things I've never had before,
It's just like my mamma says, I sit around and mourn
Pretending that I am so wonderful and knowing I'm adored

I'm as restless as a willow in a windstorm,
I'm as jumpy as a puppet on a string,
I'd say that I had spring fever,
But I know it isn't spring.

I'm as starry eyed and gravely discontented,
Like a nightingale without a song to sing.
Oh, why should I have spring fever,
When it isn't even spring?

I keep wishing I were somewhere else,
Walking down a strange new street,
Hearing words I have never never heard,
From a man I've yet to meet.

I'm as busy as a spider spinning daydreams,
I'm as giddy as a baby on a swing,
I haven't seen a crocus or a rosebud,
Or a robin or a bluebird on the wing,
But I feel so gay in a melancholy way,
That it might as well be spring,
It might as well be, might as well be,
It might as well be spring.

// You've Been Gone Too Long //

You've been gone too long,
You've been gone much too long,
Baby I'm telling you, you've been gone too long,
Now I've got a guy loves to stay home at night,
He really knows how to treat me right,
You've been gone too long, you've been gone too long,
Baby I'm telling you, you've been gone too long,

Now, you went out with Ruth, well you know that's the truth,
You went out with Flo, and she ain't so slow
Oh, you've been gone too long, you've been gone too long,
Baby I'm telling you, you've been gone too long,

Now let me tell you baby, don't you push me around,
Just you do yourself a favour and get out of town,
You've been gone too long, yes, you've been gone too long,
Baby I'm telling you, you've been gone too long,
You've been gone too long, you've been gone much too long.

// That's Him Over There //

I see your face in this room full of faces
I'm trying hard not to stare
Strange to see you again, here of all places
That's him over there

My baby looks the same as he did when I met him
I'd know that laugh anywhere
It was so foolish of me to think I'd forget him
That's him over there

I wish I could be the girl at his side
The one who has taken my place
Can everyone see what I'm trying to hide?
Isn't it written all over my face?

Oh I guess that you know what extremes I have gone to
To prove that I didn't care
You were so anxious to meet the dream that I've hung onto
Well, that's him, that's my Jim, over there

// Theme From "Middle Of The Night" //

Only the lonely love, only the sad of soul,
Wake and begin their day in the middle of the night,
To breakfast on their pride, burnt joys and tears just dried
To breakfast with the moon in the middle of the night.

Then to count once more my miserly store of your kisses
In this darkness restored,
To grasp your absent grace in desperate embrace,
To make your false heart true, in the middle of the night oh oh oh

Then to count once more my miserly store of your kisses
In this darkness restored,
To grasp your absent grace in desperate embrace,
To make your false heart true, in the middle of the night .

// Can't Get Out Of This Mood //

All day long before my eyes come little visions of you,
They shouldn't, they mustn't, but they do.
Can't get out of this mood,
Can't get over this feeling,
Can't get out of this mood,

Last night your lips were appealing,
The thrill should have been all gone by today, in the usual way,
But it's only your arms that I'm out of.
Can't get out of this dream
What a fool to dream of you,
Twasn't part of my scheme to sigh and tell you that I love you,
But now I'm saying it, I'm playing it dumb,
Can't get out of this mood,
Heartbreak here I come.

I can't get over this feeling,
Last night your lips were appealing,
The thrill should have been all gone by today, in the usual way,
But it's only your arms that I'm out of.
What a fool to dream of you,
To sigh and tell you that I love you,
But now I'm playing it, now I'm playing it dumb,
I can't get out of this mood,
Heartbreak, heartbreak here I come.

// Willow Weep For Me //

Willow weep for me, willow weep for me,
Bend your branches green along the stream that runs to sea,
Listen to my plea, listen willow weep for me,
Gone my lover's dream, lovely summer dream,
Gone and left me here to weep my tears into the stream,
Sad as I can be - Hear me willow and weep for me.

Whisper to the wind to say that love has sinned
To leave my heart aching and making this moan,
Murmur to the night to hide her starry light,
So none will find me sighing and crying all alone,
Weeping willow tree, weep in sympathy,
Bend your branches down along the ground and cover me,
When the shadows fall, bend oh willow and weep for me.

To leave my heart aching and making this moan,
So none will find me sighing and crying all alone,
Weeping willow tree, weep in sympathy,
Bend your branches down along the ground and cover me,
When the shadows fall, bend oh willow,
Bend oh willow and weep for me.

// Solitaire //

Since you've gone I spend each lonely night,
Dealing out the cards from left to right,
And the King of Hearts is there to remind me
That I'm all alone playing solitaire.

Love was just another game for two,
I see now that's all it meant to you,
And my heart got lost somewhere in the shuffle,
So I'm all alone playing solitaire

In each romance there's an element of chance,
A gamble to win or to lose,
You play to win, then you find you're playing in a game with no rules,
Just made for fools.
Now, the Joker has a laugh on me,
'Cause I played my hand so carelessly,
And until you wanna share that old feeling,
I'll be dealing time away with solitaire.

And until you want to share that old feeling,
I'll be dealing time away, dealing time away with solitaire.

