Album: Monomania

// Romantic Theory //

I didn't like you anyways
You always spoke so quiet
I had to ask you to repeat yourself

I'd like to explain to all of my friends
To everyone involved
How it all happened
How things fell apart

Let's reconstruct the scene
As best we can and try to figure out
What crimes were committed

I saw you again last night you were
Hiding in a poor man's body
But I saw your soul slip out of his fingers

// Misheard Lyrics //

Everything you say is a bridge
Everything you do is water under it
These are not the original lyrics
Such a worthless waste of time to write about

Every bit of you that I don't love
Is filled up with my hate
I was a situation
That you were glad went away

Move move forward like a human being
(sometimes you have to kill things to impress your friends)
You probably looked like an idiot in that hat
(used to feel bad about crushing ants)

(why why why why why to die)
I can't go back to not understanding what you mean to me
I'm turning into the person that you were afraid I'd turn out to be

There is something in me that can only give
There is something in you that can only give out
When you hear my songs do you get that feeling
And if not, what the hell were you hearing?

I am not crazy, I am right
What do you mean? what are saying to me?
I was just another bird you touched
Whose mother won't take him back

I'm sorry I misheard your lyrics
(tried to smile but it didn't show up in the photograph)
I was searching for a soul to sell my devils to
(all I wanted was sleep and you took it away)

(yes yes yes yes yes I dislike I hate)
Did you do something wrong was there something you did that I could blame
I thought I was open I thought I was intimate and then you asked me my name

By the time they send the lifeboats
I won't want to leave the island
Calling out to distant shorelines
Calling out for different basslines

I can't go back to not understanding what you mean to me
I'm turning into the person that you were afraid that I'd turn out to be

Ooh, it was nothing special
Ooh, it was nothing sacred
Just hands held
And shoulders rubbed
And voices touched
In holy harmony

// Overexposed (Enjoy) //

You used to have a future, now you don't even have a past
You won't have half an answer if anyone cares to ask
You promised to speak to no one, you were lucky that I heard
Because without a witness no oath can be assured

Somewhere down the line you'll look back and
Say you did the best that you could and you'll be wrong
You're always wrong

I hope you enjoy it underneath the light
I hope you can get some sleep tonight
Because where you live the sun doesn't set
This is your bed. Hope you enjoy

You held me in the sunlight, your interlocking hands
Left a photograph on my shoulders, spots where I didn't tan
But my skin was an imperfect film and the negatives were burned
Without the evidence there was no need for you to ever return

And someone down the line will look back
And wonder what you felt for me and he'll be wrong
You're always wrong

I hope you enjoy it underneath the light
I hope you can get some sleep tonight
Because where you live the sun doesn't set
This is your bed. Hope you enjoy

I can't turn this thing off
It keeps following me
Used to be so human now it's just a machine
I can't turn this thing off
It keeps following me
When'd you say you were leaving?
When'd you really leave?

I hope you enjoy it underneath the light
I hope you can get some sleep tonight
Because where you live the sun doesn't set
If this is your bed, how do you do it?
I was within my rights, I was behind the line
You were dancing in your sleep
I promised to hide it under the covers
This is my bed, how do you do?
Hope I enjoy my no one

// Souls //

That wasn't any better at all
That didn't make me feel any better at all
I thought it would, but it didn't

My consciousness is bigger
It gives me no pleasure to say
My consciousness is bigger than yours
It gives me no pleasure

And we descend the basement
Poorly done murals, the faces
If there wasn't a house, we would build one with our bodies

Hang on to my ego
Everything is coming loose tonight
I'm too nervous for boys now
I'm too nervous for girls now

Every bottle you drink must be recycled and
Every plastic cup that can't be recycled in this town
At the party kids come in and out
Talking about T.S. Eliot

It starts out fun
Because the night is young
But then the night gets old
And it just gets cold
And we go outside
And we go back inside
And we say what's the plan
And there is no plan so we go
La la la la la la la la

I just need to wake up burst into motion
Raise my finger say aha, say moving is easy
I just need to take off, burst into motion

I just need to get up burst into motion
Raise my finger say aha, say moving is easy
I just need to get off

It wasn't fun
Wasn't educational
It lingered on
I put my fingers on you were gone

Let's get away from these despicable people
They can't keep their mouths to themselves
I know there's lots of other guys with my name here
But tell me I'm the only one that you will
Does anybody use this bathroom in the daytime?
Is this a house or the set of a film?
Let's get away from these awful people
They can't keep their minds to themselves

I refuse to let go until you're impressed
I refuse to let go until I'm depressed

I see you reaching out to t-t-t-touch
My skin shrinks, I think I'll be shocked
By that static
It's too dynamic

Because I never wanted you to change
I only wanted you to be different
Like, not so distant

Cause we are alone in our orgasms
But your flesh seems so solid
Why does it melt away
In the morning dew?

I'm sorry, I thought someone was there
Like two mirrors gazing into each other's eyes
Like two microphones kissing

But oh, that night, that music!
The longer it goes, the more important I feel
But oh, those lights, those colors!
The less I can see, the more I can feel

[?] said never to write about what's in my pockets
But that's where my hands are, and that's where they'll stay

Because you're used to a softer touch
She's just used to a gentler touch
She is used to a gentleman's touch
But hey man it's cool when you do it

We are alone in our dreams
Do we have to sleep tonight?
Murmur, murmur! Coward!
Building towards a meaning that'll never come

Leave someone beautiful
Find someone horrible
Dig me

I just want to have sex with you

When I say stop, stop stop stop stop STOP!

Bounce and stretch
I stretch into a smile
Not just my face, my body, my soul

Because I view life as something that I
Don't think I'll get away with
And you think that we've already gotten away

Yeah we all have dreams, I know
I should have forgotten them in the morning
(a dead dog painted on the sea)

If none of us know the words then only the melody matters

I wrote this verse drunk
I thought it would solve everything
I thought it would
BUT IT DIDN'T

When everyone was going homewards
Did you cry because it was over?
Or did you cry because you knew it would never end?

As long as we don't go to sleep yet
I promise I can't go to sleep yet
Cause the night's not dead, no the night's not dead
I will not go alone to my single-size bed

We could go anywhere but we will always be where we are

I waited for you on the eastern shore
Watching people trying to act sober on the other side of the sea
Until I laughed and headed home
I learned my lesson never to roam

// Sleeping With Strangers //

Will anyone be surprised
Will anyone not say they're surprised
Where will it be? will I have found a home by then?
Or is it always in your hometown?

Will my hanging leave me indecent?
Will they have to cross my legs?
No more throwing the bottle cap into the trash and throwing the bottle into the recycling
Let nature take its course

How long will the casket hold?
How long will the old home hold?
How many hands will have touched me?
How may eyes shut? only two

Will it be like in the movies?
Will they play music I like?
Or will everyone be hovering around the iPod trying to put on their playlist

All that oxygen, no more
All that senseless rubbing, no more
Only gravity
And it's such a drag

And when the night comes
Who will be lying by my side
I never liked sleeping with strangers

And when the night comes
Whose side will I be lying by
I never liked sleeping with strangers

// Anchorite (Love You Very Much) //

You never stopped smoking, but I forgive you
My words and my heart were not enough to give you
And my words always sounded wrong, it was easy not to listen
Still it pained me to see when I left, you never noticed what was missing

After all that's unsaid and undone I know this can't mean much
But I hope that you find someone who loves you very much

No, I've never slept next to someone who wanted to sleep next to me
It was hard to debate, you couldn't wait to lose your memory
And it didn't take long, you were strong in your resolve to lose your mind
It was only a mistake that on the way you happened to lose mine

Yes, I know in your eyes we were never really lovers as such
So I hope that you find someone who loves you very much
And I hope that you find someone you can love just as much

Sometimes I wish I hadn't taken all my notes on your rolling papers
But when you burned them the scent was such a bittersweet vapor
I watched the flames silence the words I was given in life
But if your heart was in it I was glad to be your sacrifice

And though I'll miss or at least sometimes wish for your touch
I hope that you find someone who loves you very much

Death of the Lady Man
Such a drag
Such a drag
Such a drag
Such a drag
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
Such a drag
It's such a drag (Such a drag)
It's such a drag (Such a drag)
It's such a drag (Such a drag)
It's such a drag

You suck!
Fuck!
You son-of-a-bitch!
God damnit!
You motherfucker!
Fuck!
Fuck!

It's time
Hurry up, please, it's time
Hurry up, please, it's time
It's time
It's time
Hurry up, please, it's time

