Album: StarvingWhileLiving

// Its Only Sex //

The other night I cried while thinking of having sex with you
Not out of desire or shame but some subconscious impulse to feel pain
I wiped my tears on my face and neck and the backs of my ears
And said "now it's sweat. Now it's sweat. It's sweat now"

Just to see you
It's such a treasure
But when I feel you
My flesh yields no pleasure

And honey I'm cultured
I'm very sex positive
So what is this feeling
It ain't so positive

I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? I like you
I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? It's only

Ok, so I've been reading all the sex blogs, and they all talk about how ok it is to be gay and straight and bisexual and asexual and have sex however you like. But I don't care about hundreds of hypothetical people and their hypothetical sex deals, I care about me, and my sex deal! What about my problems?

Baby my body
Constantly betrays me
I try to betray it
I only hurt myself

It didn't just singe the hair, it made it straight

I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? I like it
I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? It's only

It's only sex
It's only
It's only sex
Come on, sexual desire, speak!

I want to hold you tight
I want to feel your love physically
I want to sleep with you
But only in the literal sense

I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? I like you
I can't tell you if I like it I like it
What happens if I don't like it? It's only sex!

// Remember The Cels //

I should be glad to have you back
But this time around, something's turned to black
Your pale body a projection screen
I know every frame, so many times that I've seen -

Will it be like before?
Will it ever be the same?
If we reuse the cels
Would the color start to fade?

It's history that hasn't happened yet
Last time I cried, this time I sweat
And doesn't it seem an awful waste
That all of our cells will get replaced?

Will it be like before?
Will it ever be the same?
If we reuse the cels
Would the color start to fade?

Will it be like before?
Will I lose you again?
If we reuse ourselves
Could there be any other end?

If it's just like before
If I'm losing you again
Still we reuse the cels

// I Hate Living //

Sick in the hot, hot bathroom
Glasses steamed, I couldn't see
And wasn't it a lovely time?
Didn't we have such a time?

Home in the cold cold morning
Roommate's sick, I'm disturbing his sleep
And wasn't it a lovely time?
Didn't we have such a time?

Wasn't I the life and soul?

What drugs can I take to make me enjoy this?

I wish I was drunk
I wish I weren't here
I need to be more drunk
Or be less here

And when the cops came
Hiding in the back of the closet
And these people would not stop laughing
They could not shut their mouths

You wouldn't think having a good time would be so goddamn hard
You wouldn't think having a good time would be so goddamn hard
You overthink, you don't have a good time, you just wait for it to end
You don't think you'll ever try something as meaningless as this ever again

// Devil Moon //

I am a thief of unimportant things
I am a cheat and I can't do anything to stop myself
I have no code, there is no road I'm traveling down
There's only footprints leading away from the windowsill

It's a devil moon
It's a hollow moon

There's always half of the world in darkness at a time
We're always creeping towards that black horizon line
Maybe if I tried, I could keep on the sunny side
But I'm just too in tune with the moon

