// The Legend Of Bonnie And Clyde //

Bonnie was a waitress in a small cafe
Clyde Barrow was the rounder that took her away
They both robbed and killed until both of them died
So goes the Legend of Bonnie and Clyde.

The poems that she wrote of the life that they led
Told of the lawmen left dying or dead
Some say that Clyde made her life a shame
But the legend made Bonnie the head of the game.

The rampage grew wilder with each passing day
The odds growing smaller with each get-a-way
With the end growing closer the harder they fought
With blood on their hands they were bound to get caught.

They drove back from town on one bright summer day
When a man they befriended stepped out in the way
With no thought of dyin' they pulled to the side
But death lay there waiting for Bonnie and Clyde.

Two years or runnin' was ended that day
For robbin' and killin' they both had to pay
But we'll always remember how they lived and died
So goes the legend of Bonnie and Clyde.

Bonnie and Clyde...

// Is This The Beginning Of The End? //

I just don't seem to know you anymore
You're only with me every now and then
And you don't kiss me like you did before
Is this the beginning of the end?

Is there a broken heart for me in store
While I'm holding you do you pretend
That I'm someone else you're longing for
Is this the beginning of the end?

There's a faraway look in your eyes
Am I losing you my heart cries
Hold me close and put my heart at ease
Whisper I love you once again
Just three words can make my heart believe
Rhis is not the beginning of the end.

There's a faraway look in your eyes
Am I losing you my heart cries
Hold me close and put my heart at ease
Whisper I love you once again
Just three words can make my heart believe
Rhis is not the beginning of the end...

// Love Has A Mind Of Its Own //

I'd love to forget every time that you kissed me
I'd love to forget that you're gone
I'd gladly hold back each tear that I'm crying
But love has a mind of its own.

Love is a ruler the greatest of kings
Love sets a pion a throne
Forgetting you darling is not my decision
For love has a mind of its own.

I don't wanna carry this worrysome heartache
I don't want to cry all night long
I wish I could run from the day that I met you
But love has a mind of its own.

Love is a ruler the greatest of kings
Love sets a pion a throne
Forgetting you darling is not my decision
For love has a mind of its own.

Love has a mind of its own...

// The Train Never Stops (At Our Town) //

For years I've tried to leave this poor man's valley
On a train that's on its way to richer ground
Where rivers never overflow and dreams cannot be drowned
But the train never stops at our town

I'd like to buy a mansion for my darling
On a way upon a mountain looking down
I know there's a restless goal up there just waiting to be found
But the train never stops at our town

Failure has to find something to blame
And the only thing that's left is that old frame

The darkness of the night catches me crying
A whistle soon will blow a lonesome sound
A spark of hope becomes a flame each time the train slows down
But the train never stops at our town
That old train never stops at our town

// Fool's Castle //

It's a big house on a hilltop fine carpets on the floor
Expensive polished marble are the steps up to the door
Vines are climbin' up to the roof top as if there's something they'd like to hide
People call it a fool's Castle and I'm the fool that lives inside.

The girl is gone that warmed the castle
Now it's dark the flame has died
It's a big house on a hilltop without love and without pride
People call it a Fool's Castle and I'm the fool that lives inside.

She used to live here I thought she was lucky she had what most girls only dream of
I gave her diamonds silk and satin I gave her everything but love
And with my giving I gave her nothing she wanted only to be by my side
Yes they call it a Fool's Castle and I'm the fool that lives inside.

The girl is gone that warmed the castle
Now it's dark the flame has died
It's a big house on a hilltop without love and without pride
People call it a Fool's Castle and I'm the fool that lives inside...

// Will You Visit Me On Sundays? //

Just outside these prison bars the hanging tree is waitin'
At sunrise I'll meet darkness and death will say hello
Darling touch your lips to mine and tell me that you love me
Promise me again before you go.

Will you visit me on Sundays, will you bring me pretty flowers
Will your big blue eyes be misty will you brush away a tear
A grave is filled with silence but if a sleeping man could hear
Darling would I hear your footsteps up there.

Promise me that time won't separate me from your mem'ry
That you'll remember me until the days of silver hair
If not for you I know I'd lose my mind before the morning
Hold me close and tell me that you care.

And will you visit me on Sundays, will you bring me pretty flowers
Will your big blue eyes be misty will you brush away a tear
A grave is filled with silence but if a sleeping man could hear
Darling would I hear your footsteps up there.

Will you visit me on Sundays, will you bring me pretty flowers
Will your big blue eyes be misty will you brush away a tear
A grave is filled with silence but if a sleeping man could hear
Darling would I hear your footsteps up there...

// My Ramona //

Everybody's talking bad about Ramona
They say she's changed a lot since I've been gone
They say she may not be too glad to see me
Cause Ramona doesn't know I'm coming home.

Ah but everybody's wrong about Ramona
They're just going by the way she's actin' now
I just can't believe the things they say about her
Cause Ramona knows the things I wanna allow.

Ramana's gonna be the way she used to be
And I'll be proud of her just like I was before
She never was the kind to like those crowded bars
And Ramona won't be seen there anymore.

They say I may not recognize Ramona
And going by the picture they describe
The life they say she's living sure don't fit her
But I know she's still the same sweet girl inside.

Ramana's gonna be the way she used to be
And I'll be proud of her just like I was before
She never was the kind to like those crowded bars
And Ramona won't be seen there anymore...

// I Started Loving You Again //

Today I started loving you again
I'm right back where I've really always been
I got over you just long enough to let my heartache mend
then today I started loving you again.

What a fool I was to think I could get by
With only these few million tears I've cried
I should have known the worst was yet to come
And that crying time for me had just begun.

'Cause today I started loving you again
I'm right back where I've really always been
I got over you just long enough to let my heartache mend
then today I started loving you again...

// Money Tree //

Silver and gold made you say goodbye
One day it may make you wanna cry
When you're alone with a heart that's blue
Who will you take your heartaches too.

Love can't grow on a money tree
Not the kind you had with me
Some day when you're older a wiser girl you'll be
Then you'll know that love can't grow on a money tree.

I don't blame you for all my pain
A young girl like you needs time to dream
You're happy now but how long will it last
One day you'll be just a girl with the past.

Love can't grow on a money tree
Not the kind you had with me
Some day when you're older a wiser girl you'll be
Then you'll know that love can't grow on a money tree...

// You Still Have A Place In My Heart //

If the one you'd think is true ever turns his back on you
You've still got a place in my heart
If every road you take proves you've made a big mistake
Baby you've still got a place in my heart.

If I'm a fool to pray that you'll come back some day
Well then I'll know of million fools that love has turned that way
If the years should make you cry don't go on and live a lie
Baby you've still got a place in my heart.

If the years should make you cry don't go on and live a lie
Baby you've still got a place in my heart...

// Because You Can't Be Mine //

What makes something you can't have always look so good
Why'd do something out of reach seem so fine
What makes you thrill me more than any girl I know
I guess it's just because you can't be mine.

Why can't I be contented with what belongs to me
And be satisfied with what's already mine
What makes a stolen moment such a precious thing
I guess it's just because you can't be mine.

What makes me always want a woman I can't have
Why the someone else's silver always shine
My patience rises every time you come around
And I guess it's just because you can't be mine.

Why can't I be contented with what belongs to me
And be satisfied with what's already mine
What makes a stolen moment such a precious thing
I guess it's just because you can't be mine...

