Album: HeyNowHeyTheOtherSideOfTheSky

// Hey Now Hey (The Other Side Of The Sky) //

Hey now hey, hey now hey
You can groom, hold my hands
Pay for where we're going now, wait
Hey now hey, hey now baby hey
There's a certain something in the back of my mind that I've known it
It's what it's said (why don't you tell us, buddy?)
Hey now baby hey
We're gonna be together for a lifetime
And if we fall short to bed
We gave everything we could when we were wet
But couldn't throw it in the head (the head)
All you gotta do is dig that (dig that)

Sweet lemon peppermint
And orange colored dreams have I
Watching the clouds go by
Sailing the seasons on the other side of the sky

Hey now hey (hey)
Hey now, hey now, hey now hey (hey)
Let's play love being all together
That it last forever
Ear what I pray, hey now hey, hey
Oh, hey now baby hey
We'll take a shower in the stars from heaven
Go through love playing seven and eleven
On the other side of the sky
On the other side of the sky
On the other side of the sky (sky)
On the other side of the sky (sky)

On the other, on the other side of the sky
On the other, oh, on the other side of the sky
On the other, oh, on the other side of the sky
Oh yeah (on the other)
On the other side of the sky, on the other

(Ooh, ooh, ooh...)

We'll take a shower in the stars from the heaven
Go through love playing seven and eleven
On the other side of the sky
On the other side of the sky (ooh)

On the other, on the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
On the other, on the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
On the other, on the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, on the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
I wonder what's going on, on the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
Come on, come on, come on with me through the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
Oh, oh, oh Lord, the other side (side of the sky)
Oh, oh, oh, the other side of the sky (side of the sky)
Why don't you come to see truth? Why don't you come to truth? (side of the sky)
Come on, come on, come with me, come on, come with me (side of the sky)
I'm on my way, yes I am, ooh (side of the sky)

// Somewhere //

There's a place for us
Somewhere there is a place for us
Peace and quiet and open air
It waits for us somewhere

There is a time for us
I know that there is a time for us
Time together with just a little bit of time to spare
Time to learn, oh, time to care

Somewhere
We'll find a new, a new way of living
We'll find a way of forgiving
Somewhere

There is, there is a place for us
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
There is a place for us

Hold my hand and we're halfway there
Hold on to my hand and I'll, I'll take you there
Someday, some, somewhere
I'll take you somewhere

// So Swell When You're Well //

You know I love you, baby, from A to Z,
But something about you keep a-worryin' me...
Sometimes you love me, and sometimes you don't;
Sometimes you will, and then, sometimes you won't...

Oh, you're so swell, baby, when you're well;
You're so swell, baby, when you're well...
You're so swell, baby, when you're well,
Oh, but you just stay sick so long...

Keep on connivin' and your jivin' too;
True love ain't never gonna smile on you...
You pace the floor, honey, you sit and cry;
Pull out your hair, and then you wonder why...

It's 'cause you're so swell, baby, when you're well;
You're so swell, baby, when you're well...
Yeah, so swell, baby, when you're well,
Oh, but you just stay sick so long...

You build me up, and then you let me down;
Gimme little smile, but then you change it to frown...
Yeah, if you love me like you say you do,
How could you love me after you've been too?

You're so swell when you're well;
You're so swell, baby, when you're well...
Do you know that you're so swell when you're well?
Oh, but you just stay sick so long... Yeah, yeah...

Fool that I am not to put you down;
Gimme little smile, and then you change it to a frown...
Yeah, if you love me like you say you do,
Tell me, how could you love me after you've been too?

Oh, ho, ho! When you're well...
You're so swell, baby, when you're well...
Can I hear? So swell, baby, when you're well...
Oh, but you just stay sick so long... 

Do you know that you're ha, yeah... so swell, when you're well?
You're so swell! So swell, baby, when you're well,
Let me hear you now!
Oh, but you just stay sick so long...

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Uh-huh... you're so swell, baby, when you're well,
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah!
Oh, but you just stay sick so... 

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! So swell, when you're well...
You're so swell, baby, when you're well...
So swell, baby.. when you're well,
Oh, but you just...
So sick, so sick, uh-huh, yeah!

Do you know, ah, hah?
But you just stay sick so... So sick, so sick! Yeah-heah, yeah-heah!

// Angel //

[Spoken:]
I got a call the other day
It was my sister Carolyn, sayin'
"Aretha, come by when you can
I've got somethin' that I wanna say"

And when I got there she said
"You know rather than go through a long drawn out thing
I think the melody on the box will help me explain"

Gotta find me an angel
To fly away with me
Gotta find me an angel
Ooo and set me free

My heart is without a home
I don't want to be alone
I gotta find me an angel
In my life, in my life

Too long have I loved 
So unattached within
So much that I know
That I need somebody so
So I'll just go on
Hoping that I find me someone
Gotta find me an angel in my life
In my life...in my life

I know there must be someone
Somewhere for me
Oh I lived too long
Without the love of someone
And there's no misery
Ooooh oooh like the misery
I feel in me

I gotta find me an angel in
In my life
(You'll meet him now don't you worry)
In my life
(Keep lookin' and just keep cookin')
In my life
(He'll be there, now don't you worry)
In my life.

