Album: Soul69

// Ramblin' //

I've got the blues for the highway
Rambling blues, I got to go
I better start running
Because walking for me is much too slow, oh, yes it is

I'm undecided whether to go or stay
It's true I love you baby but I can not make it this way
Oh, baby, I just can't make it this way, oh no, I can't

You've got me worried every night and day, oh yes, I do now
Well I'm just plain and tired sick of your funky ways

Yeah, hey, baby, yeah
Tell them about it
I understand you
Yeah, tell them about it, yeah, oh

So long baby, baby, goodbye
I'm gonna start rambling, gonna be rambling till the day I die
Yeah, baby, gonna ramble ramble ramble ramble
Get into something until the day I die, yes I am

Oh, so long, oh, so long
Tell them about it, tell them about it right now
So long baby, oh yeah
Tell the story, rambling
I'm gonna be rambling
Till the day I die, yeah, oh yeah
You got it baby, you got it
So long baby, oh

// River's Invitation //

I've been all across the country, and I've stayed in every town;
You see, I'm trying to find my baby, and he ain't nowhere around... Can you understand?
You know which way I'm heading, if my baby can't be found... oh, yeah...

Well, I spoke to the river, and the river, the river spoke back to me;
It said, "Oh! You look so lonely, and so much full of misery... Yes, you do now...
If you can't find your baby, come on, girl, and make your home with me. Oh, yeah..."

I don't wanna leave him - No, I know, I know he's still alive!
And someday, I'm gonna find him, and he's gonna take me for a ride... Yes, he will now...
And then we'll live forever and ever and ever, forever and ever among the tides... Oh, yes, we will!

Just in case I don't find him, I'm gonna take that river's invitation... river's invitation...
Oh, oh, the river! Oh, oh, the river!
Oh, the river, yeah... Oh, river's invitation...
Yeah, the river...

// Pitiful //

Oh pitiful
Feel so sorry for me
Pitiful
It's pitiful
Feel so sorry for me
Though you dont' love me you see
You still won't set me free
Oh set me free

I wonder why I wondered why you do me like you do
I wonder why you do me like you do
When you know that I love you baby
And you know I wouldn't do it to you
No no

It looks like it makes you happy 
Just to see me cry
Please have mercy on this
Vacant heart of mine
You're trying to see how mean you can be
I would do my dog better that the way you do me

Pitiful
Feel so sorry for myself 
Pitiful
Feel so sorry for myself
When you know that you dont' want me baby
But you aint' gonna let me have nobody else now are ya

// Crazy He Calls Me //

I say I'll move the mountains, and I'll move the mountains
If he wants them out of the way...
Crazy, he calls me... sure, I'm crazy;
Crazy in love, I'd say...

I say I'll go through fire, yes, and I will kill fire;
As he wants it, so it shall be...
Crazy, he calls me... sure, I'm crazy;
Crazy in love, you see...

Like the wind that shakes the bough,
He moves me with a smile...
The very difficult, I will do right now;
The impossible will take a little while...

And I say I'll care forever, and I really will care forever,
Even if I, even if I, even if I have to hold up the sky...
Crazy, he calls me... well, maybe, baby, maybe, I'm crazy;
Sure, crazy in love am I...
Crazy in love am I...
And I will move the mountains...

// Bring It On Home To Me //

If you ever change your mind
About leaving, leaving me behind
Oh-oh, bring it to me
Bring your sweet loving
Bring it on home to me

I know I laughed when you left
But now I know I only hurt myself
Oh-oh, bring it to me
Bring your sweet loving
Bring it on home to me

I'll give you jewellery and money, too
That ain't all, that ain't all I'll do for you
Oh, if you bring it to me
Bring your sweet loving
Bring it on home to me

You know I'll always be your slave
'Til I'm buried, buried in my grave
Oh honey, bring it to me
Bring your sweet loving
Bring it on home to me

One more thing
I tried to treat you right
But you stayed out, stayed out at night
But I forgive you, bring it to me
Bring your sweet loving
Bring it on home to me

// Tracks Of My Tears //

People say I'm the life of the party
Because I tell a joke or two
Well, although I may be laughing loud and hearty
Deep inside I'm blue

So take a good look at my face
You'll see my smile seems out of place
And if you look closer, it's easy to trace
The tracks of my tears, I need you, need you

Since you left, if you see me with someone else
Acting like I'm having big fun
Well, although he may look fine
He's not a really man, you're the only one

So take a good look at my face
You'll see my smile seems out of place
And if you look closer, it's easy to trace
The tracks of my tears, I need you, need you

I'm masquerading, my hope is fading
Since you put me down
My smile is my make up
I wear since my break up with you

Baby, take just one good look at my face
You'll see that my smile seems out of place
And if you look closer, it's easy to trace
The tracks of my tears

Oh baby, take just one good look at my face
You'll see that my smile is out of place
And if you look closer, easy to trace
The tracks of my tears, oh

Oh, look at my face
You'll see that my smile seems out of place
And if you look closer

// If You Gotta Make A Fool Of Somebody //

If you gotta make a fool of somebody
If you gotta make a fool of someone
Do you really have to hurt me
I'm the one that'll worry about you

If you gotta make a fool of somebody
If you gotta to make a fool of someone
Do you really have to hurt me
I'm the one that loves you, always true

Daytime, nighttime, anytime you call
I'll rush to your side, anytime you call
Just to be near you, you know
Anywhere I go, how could you hurt me so
Oh

If you gotta make a fool of somebody
If you gotta make a fool of someone
Do you really have to hurt me
I'm the one that'll worry about you

If you gotta make a fool of somebody
If you gotta make a fool of someone
If you gotta make a fool of somebody
And If you gotta make a fool of someone
If you got to make a fool of somebody
If you got to make a fool of someone

// Gentle On My Mind //

It's knowing that your door is always open
And your path is free to walk (free to walk, free to walk, free to walk, free to walk)
That makes me know that I can leave
My sleeping bag behind your couch (yes it'll be right there)
Yes it does (yes it'll be right there)

It's knowing I'm not shackled by forgotten words and bonds
And your ink stains that have dried upon some line
Keeps you on the backroads (backroads)
By the rivers of my memory (memory)
It keeps you ever gentle on my mind (gentle on my mind, yeah)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ouh (gentle on my mind, yeah)

It's not clinging to some rocks and ivy planted
on some column now that binds me, no, it don't
Or something that somebody said
Because they thought we fit together walking
We did it, baby

It's knowing that the world will not be cursing or forgiving
When they turn around and find
That you're moving on the backroads (backroads)
You're still on my memory (memory)
You're ever gentle on my mind (gentle on my mind, yeah)
Yes, I'm baby (gentle on my mind, yeah)

Yeah, you're gentle (gentle on my mind, yeah)
You're gentle (gentle on my mind, yeah)
You're gentle and gentle (gentle on my mind, yeah)
You're gentle on the backroads (gentle on my mind, yeah)
Yeah, yeah (gentle on my mind, yeah)
You're gentle on my mind (gentle on my mind, yeah)
Say that, babe (gentle on my mind, yeah)
You're gentle on my mind (gentle on my mind, yeah)
Yeah (gentle on my mind, yeah)

// So Long //

So long I hope we'll meet again
One day
And I'm hoping maybe then you'll say
Darling I found out I was wrong
So long
You leave me here to cry
It will never be goodbye
Because you been mine so long
All alone
With my memories of you
I can dream that you're lonely like me too
You're my home
Even though we're far apart
I'm gonna keep you in my heart
So long, so long baby
Gee, I really hate to see you go
Because you are all and everything in my world and you know
That you been mine all mine so long
But baby I gotta say so long

// I'll Never Be Free //

Each time I hold someone new
My arms grow cold aching for you
No one can take your place
Darling in my embrace
I'll never be free

And when my lips burn with desire
No other kiss puts out the fire
Though I may try and try
No one can satisfy this longing in me

I'll never be free from your smile so tender
The sweet surrender in your eyes
How can I be free when I still remember
How you could thrill me with a sigh

Just like a chain bound to my heart
Your love remains when we're apart
Each kiss I gave to you
Made me a slave to you
I'll never be free

// Elusive Butterfly //

You might wake up some mornin'
To the sound of something moving past your window in the wind
And if you're quick enough to rise
You'll catch a fleeting glimpse of someone's fading shadow
Out on the new horizon
You may see the floating motion of a distant pair of wings
And if the sleep has left your ears
You might hear footsteps running through an open meadow

Don't be concerned, it will not harm you
It's only me pursuing somethin' I'm not sure of
Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love

You might have heard my footsteps
Echo softly in the distance through the canyons of your mind
I might have even called your name
As I ran searching after something to believe in
You might have seen me runnin'
Through the long-abandoned ruins of the dreams you left behind
If you remember something there
That glided past you followed close by heavy breathin'

Don't be concerned, it will not harm you
It's only me pursuing somethin' I'm not sure of
Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love

Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love

