Album: SinginAgain

// Sweet Thang //

I slipped out of the house about sundown
While mama was a washin' her hair
And you can bet your bottom dollar she'll come lookin' for me
When she finds that I'm not there.

And if she catches her sweet thang runnin' around
I know there'll be the devil to pay
She'll come blowin' like a cyclone right through that door
And I can hear exactly what she'll say.

Well, has anybody here see sweet thang
I got a notion he'll be headed this a way
'Cause when my sweet thang is out tomocattin' around
He finds a sandbox like this to play.

I wanna tell all you barroom roses
If my sweet thang does have a bite
You'd better take my advice and if you'll blink more than twice
You'd better have somethin' in your eyes.

I gave my baby all my money on payday
Except a little she don't know that I got
'Cause there's a cute little waitress at the corner cafe
And she seems to like me quite a lot.

While we were sittin' in the back booth a havin' a talk
She believed in every word that I said
When the door blew open, Loretta walked in
Yellin' loud enough to wake the dead.

Well, has anybody here see sweet thang
I got a notion he'll be headed this a way
'Cause when my sweet thang is out tomocattin' around
He finds a sandbox like this to play.

You'd better take my advice...

// We'll Never Change //

The years will see us together
As they quickly pass away
Our hair'll make it lighter
But our love will burn brighter
In our hearts we'll never change.

We'll say that all our mem'ries
Of every passing day
Time may rearrange us
But we know it won't change us
In our hearts we'll never change.

Time may change the way we look
But not the way we feel
We'll say that all our mem'ries
Of every passing day
Time may rearrange us
But we know it won't change us
In our hearts we'll never change.

In our hearts we'll never change...

// Let's Stop Right Where We Are //

I know you've had a change of heart the way you're on the range
But the love for you that's in my heart is something you can't change
When you get your field of green green grass stay home and you'll find clover
Let's stop right where we are and start all over.

Let's stop right where we are and start all over
Let's both admit that we've been wrong cry on each other's shoulder
Let's straighten up and save our love before we lose each other
Let's stop right where we are and start all over.

You don't love on me anymore the way you used to do
So I went out looking for the love I failed to get from you
I'd make believe that it was you the nights when I would hold her
Let's stop right where we are and start all over.

Let's stop right where we are and start all over
Let's both admit that we've been wrong cry on each other's shoulder
Let's straighten up and save our love before we lose each other
Let's stop right where we are and start all over.

Let's stop right where we are and start all over...

// Love Is No Excuse //

Love is no excuse for what we're doing
For we both know that two hearts could break
We tell ourselves we've got to have each other
But love is no excuse for us to make.

Sure we love each other and it could be so right
But not if someone else has got to pay
Our love for each other looks good in the night
But our love can never see the light of day.

It's been going on for much too long now
And our wrongs have mounted one by one
We tell ourselves that's cause we love each other
But love is no excuse for what we've done.

Sure we love each other and it could be so right
But not if someone else has got to pay
Our love for each other looks good in the night
But our love can never see the light of day...

// I'm Not Leavin' You (It's All In Your Mind) //

It's all in your mind that I'm leavin' you
I've been afraid you'd find somebody new
If I lost you it would break this heart of mine
I'm not leaving you it's all in your mind

You can't blame me for havin' my suspicions
When hearts are broken each and ever day
Just listen to your heart and what it tells you
Don't listen to the lies that people say
It's all in your mind that I could let you go
I try to think you'll never hurt me so
For I know that I can't change this heart of mine
I'm not leaving you it's all in your mind

You can't blame me for havin' my suspicions
When hearts are broken each and ever day
Just listen to your heart and what it tells you
Don't listen to the lies that people say
It's all in your mind that I could let you go
I try to think you'll never hurt me so
For I know that I can't change this heart of mine
I'm not leaving you it's all in your mind

// Beautiful, Unhappy Home //

We were proud of this house that we found
On a street in the nice part of town
Had it furnished with care we were once happy here
Now it's a beautiful unhappy home

Planted red sweet hard roses for you
Painted our rooms your favorite blue
Now the colors remain but our love's not the same
Oh it's a beautiful unhappy home

What a beautiful unhappy home
It's so hard to believe it's our own
But we're both held here by a child
We love dear in this beautiful unhappy home

Yes we're both held here by a child
We love dear in this beautiful unhappy home
In our beautiful unhappy home

// One To Ten //

If I had counted one two three before I made you cry
If I had counted four and five and made another try
If we had counted six seven eight and made a brand new start
If we had counted nine and ten we wouldn't be apart

One, two, three, come back to me and let bygones go by
Four and five, I know that I've been a foolish guy
Six, seven, eight, give me a date and I'll be as good as pie
Nine and ten, kiss me again, who wants to say goodbye

If I had counted one two three before I walked away
If I had counted four and five well I'd whispered darling stay
If we had counted six seven eight and turned on all our charms
If we had counted nine and ten we'd be in each other's arms

One, two, three, come back to me and let bygones go by
Four and five, I know that I've been a foolish guy
Six, seven, eight, give me a date and I'll be as good as pie
Nine and ten, kiss me again, who wants to say goodbye

One to ten, kiss me again, who wants to say goodbye

// Bartender //

Please listen to me bartender
I've got something on my mind
I think I might feel better
After one more glass of wine.

I'm payin' for a broken heart
The price of love is high
With nothing left to live for
What's there to do but die.

I know your story honey, 
they're all the same you see
Why, I knew the minute that you walked in
You want to talk to me.

But I've learned what you don't read in books
From words that cross this bar
I've seen them come and I've seen them drink
Till they don't even know who they are.

Now, I don't believe that a honky tonk
Is a place for a girl like you
I might be wrong but you don't look right
Sittin' there on that barstool.

It's not too late so stop and think
before all of your pride is gone
You can end up like all the rest
with a barroom for your home.

I know you're right bartender
Goodnight, I'm going home...

// I'm Bitin' My Fingernails And Thinkin' Of You //

Bitin' my fingernails thinkin' of you
Don't love nobody else it's funny but it's true
Just got a feelin' maybe we're through
Bitin' my fingernails and thinkin' dear of you

You really got me worried now I must confess it's true
I've sat around twiddlin' my thumbs breakin' my heart in two
I'm wondering if you love me so the way you say you do
I'm bitin' my fingernails and thinkin' dear of you

Bitin' my fingernails thinkin' of you
Don't love nobody else it's funny but it's true
Just got a feelin' maybe we're through
Bitin' my fingernails and thinkin' dear of you

If you have plans to end it all I wish you'd tell me now
Don't leave me thinkin' that someday you'll leave me anyhow
For I'll forget we ever met and find somebody new
I'm bitin' my fingernails and thinkin' dear of you

Bitin' my fingernails thinkin' of you
Don't love nobody else it's funny but it's true
Just got a feelin' maybe we're through
Bitin' my fingernails and thinkin' dear of you

// Yearning //

Yearning to be with the one I can't agree with
Yearning to hear you call my name
Like a fool I left you and now I can't forget you
Please forgive me take me back again.

I'll never be the same without you darling
You'll always be my everything
My love for you's still burning and my poor heart is yearning
While you wear another's name.

Yearning to hold you and let my arms unfold you
Yearning to hear you call my name
Yearning to kiss you, oh darling how I miss you
Oh, how I wish you felt the same.

I never knew how much you cared about me
I thought that you were foolin' me
Now I'm yearning to kiss you, oh darling, how I miss you
I wish that we could make commance sweetheart.

I'm yearning to be with you sweetheart...

// Beautiful Friendship //

Can't tell you how to win friends and influence people
You can leave that to me that philosophy
But I know the score about gettin' married
That's the best way I know to make an enemy

We broke up a beautiful friendship when we married
These cat'n dog fights get the best of me
We broke up a beautiful friendship when we married
Now we're each other's own worse enemy

Aw Steve

And buddy

We call a truce and then we kiss and makeup
But then you say that I'm not kissin' right
When I pass the salt it should've been the pepper
Just anything will start another fight

We broke up a beautiful friendship when we married
These cat'n dog fights get the best of me
We broke up a beautiful friendship when we married
Now we're each other's own worse enemy
Now we're each other's own worse enemy

// The Thin Grey Line //

I can't say that it's black
I can't say that it's white
Is it really wrong
Is it really right

We don't know
Where to place it
I guess we'll have
To face it
We walk the thin grey line of love

We shouldn't be together
We have so much to lose
One of us must make the choice
But please don't make me choose

I feel I've got to have you
I feel the same way too
Our love should go
For we both know
We walk the thin grey line of love

We both tried hard to break up
But we just break each vow
If you'll just say you don't love me
I'd stay away somehow

But you know I can't say it
And I'd die if you could
We'll break our home as if we'll go on
Walkin' the thin grey line of love

Yes, we walk the thin grey line of love...

