Album: DadLovesHisWork

// Hard Times //

We've seen some hard times, hard times, holding it together ain't always easy.
An angry man, hungry woman, they're driving each other crazy.
It's so low down, show down, there's nothing else safe to say.
Baby's on the town, baby's looking round, talking about walking away.

Don't let go, got to give it one more chance.
We've got to hold on, loving me may not make much sense.
But I'm gone on you, baby, baby, I'm gone and I want you back again.
I may be wrong for you, baby, maybe I'm wrong, but I love you just the same.

Now, we've got to hold on, got to hold on. We've got to hold on, got to hold on.
We've got to hold on, got to hold on, we've got to hold on, got to hold on.
We've got to hold on, got to hold on.

Hard times, hard times, holding it together ain't always easy.
An angry man, hungry woman, they're driving each other crazy.
We've got to hold on through all those hard times.

// Her Town Too //

She's been afraid to go out. She's afraid of the knock on her door.
There's always a shade of a doubt. She can never be sure.
Who comes to call? Maybe the friend of a friend of a friend, anyone at all.
Anything but nothing again.

It used to be her town, it used to be her town, too.
It used to be her town, it used to be her town, too.

Seems like even her old girlfriends might be talking her down.
She's got her name on the grapevine running up and down the telephone line.
Talking about someone said, someone said something about,
something else someone might have said about her.
She always figured that they were her friends but maybe they can live without her.

It used to be her town, it used to be her town, too.
It used to be her town, it used to be her town, too.

Well, people got used to seeing them both together.
But now he's gone and life goes on, nothing lasts forever, oh no.
She gets the house and the garden, he gets the boys in the band.
Some of them his friends, some of them her friends, some of them understand.
Lord knows that this is just a small town city, yes, and everyone can see you fall.
It's got nothing to do with pity, I just wanted to give you a call.

It used to be your town, it used to be my town, too.
You never know till it all falls down, somebody loves you, somebody loves you.
Darling, somebody still loves you.
I can still remember her when it used to be her town, too.
It used to be your town, it used to be my town, too...

// Hour That The Morning Comes //

Mama makes the music and she makes the news, she dances all night in her golden shoes.
She's high flying, going, going, gone.
She'll be halfway to Heaven by the hour that the morning comes.

And papa's knocked out with his head in his lap.
Mama likes to think that he's taking a nap
cause he's working so hard, working all night long.
He'll be halfway to hell in the hour that the morning comes.

Like a bat out of hell in the moonlight,
like the pieces of the picture that you broke last night.
I'm sure it's going to be all right,
I'll be halfway heavy by the hour that the morning comes

Oh, look at that fool with the lampshade on. Somebody told him he was having fun.
But they were wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong.
If he's fool enough he might open his eyes when the morning comes along.

Now look at that secret agent man sneaking out of church with blood on his hands,
he's for sale, going, going, gone.
He'll be the first to know and the last to go when the shit hits the fan.

Give me a little water, give me a little wine,
you're looking at a man who's been out in the sunshine
Just a little too long, little bit too long.
But I'll be halfway home in the hour that the morning comes.

// I Will Follow //

Yonder mountain so high, I can't make it all on my own, no.
Rolling river, why so wide? To sweep me up and to bear me on,
up against the sky so bright that I can't even close my eyes.

I know I will follow, follow love, yes, yes, I will follow, follow love.
I know I will follow, follow love.

Growing slowly like a tree, someday soon, darling I love you, I love you.
Soft and gentle, full Summer moon, set my soul free, thank you, baby.
Drifting like a cloud in the sky, I can see myself from high above.

I know I must follow, follow love, yes, yes, I will follow, follow love.
I know I will follow, follow love.

Oh, half the future and half the past, they're waiting inside your eyes.
Yes, and after all of this, to last and last till at last it's your time to rise, rise.

True believer that I am, I am blind, lead me on, lead me on.
Blessed receiver of your love, I own my own time and I've been holding on, holding on.
Leave the word unspoken and the spell will not be broken.

And I'm bound to follow, now, follow love. I know I must go, follow love.
I must follow, follow love. Yes, I must follow, follow love.
Someone to hold my hand, follow love. Somebody to lead me on, follow love.
Somebody to walk beside me, follow love. Someone to follow me now, follow love.
I must follow love, follow love. I will fall in love.
I will follow love, follow love, anywhere it leads me.
I will follow love, follow love, follow love.

// Believe It Or Not //

Believe it or not, I've been waiting for you to come through, love of my life.
Believe it or not, I've been waiting for you to come through, love of my life.
And though the hour grew later and later, I would hold on for one more heartbeat.
While my friends around me were calling, "today, today, today, today."

As strange as it seems, I remember your face from before, believe it or not.
Before you and I were washed up on this alien shore, as strange as that seems
Though the hour grew later and later, still I'd hold on for one more heartbeat.
While my friends around me were calling, "today, today, today, today."

Today the world seems brighter. Light and bright and right somehow.
I could not have held on tighter, waiting for the past to come to pass, no.

Once in a dream I've seen myself through your eyes, this you should know.
Wading the stream that flows in between you and I, once in a dream.
And though the hour grew later and later, I would hold on for one more heartbeat.
While my friends around me were calling, "today, today, today, today."

// Stand And Fight //

Lonely hearted hunter, don't say nothing. The hunger and the hurt got only one law.
Never mind your words, unseen, unheard, unsung, undone. Ain't but one place left to run.
Stand up, stand and fight.

Undercover creature that don't see sunshine, make it in the dark,
don't think twice, never mind making nice.
Black eyes, black sights, black magical rites tonight, there comes a time, babe.
Stand up, stand and fight.

Don't you worry about me, little darling, no, I ain't breaking, I'm shaking and aching.
Cause I can't stand waiting. There comes a time to stand and fight.

Maximum destruction, blood red deadheads tearing it up, wearing it down.
Never mind my name, I'm unclaimed, unnamed and unashamed.
I'd like to say fan the flames, stand and fight.

You ain't doing nobody no kind of favors. lying around like a rug on the floor.
Sooner or later you've got to stand up and say you won't take it any more.
Stand up, stand and fight.

// Only For Me //

Down the end of this barroom, out of sight of the light in the window.
His mind in his whiskey and his body in a folding chair, far beyond repair.
I enter his vision, he watches me look for my seat.
He makes his decision and he stands to his feet, Lord, it's a long way down.

It happened to me, wonderful sight. Only for me, only for you.
It happened to be a light shining through
from one who was lost and found just like me and you.

Old man says, "Young man, my you're looking pretty green,
like a stranger to this kind of place.
Come sit at my table, come and look into my face, I've got a story to tell.
There was a father and son, but that was a long time ago.
And when the time came to run, I just couldn't say no so I left them behind."

It happened to me, wonderful sight. Only for me, only for you.
It happened to be a light shining through
from one who was lost and found just like me and you.

We have seen it before in times of great sorrow
that human compassion will flow from a well that has long run dry.

It happened to me, wonderful sight. Only for me, only for you.
It happened to be a light shining through
from one who was lost and found just like me and you.

// Summer's Here //

Summer's here, I'm for that. Got my rubber sandals, got my straw hat.
Got my cold beer, I'm just glad that I'm here.

Summer's here, that suits me fine. It may rain today but I don't mind.
It's my favorite time of the year and I'm glad that I'm here.

Old man wintertime, he goes so slow. It's ten degrees below, you know.
You can take your ice and snow and let my balmy breezes blow.

Yeah, the water's cold but I've been in. Baby, lose the laundry and jump on in.
I mean all God's children got skin and it's summer again.

Old man wintertime, he goes so slow. It's ten degrees below, you know.
You can take your ice and snow and let my balmy breezes blow.

Summer's here, I'm for that. Got my rubber sandals, got my straw hat.
Drinking cold beer, man, I'm just glad that I'm here.
It's my favorite time of the year and I'm glad that I'm here, yeah.

// Sugar Trade //

Now back when this earth was a silver blue jewel
and back when your grandfather's father was young,
men of these shores made and gave up their lives pulling up fish from the sea.

While down in the African slavery trade, stealing young men to cut sugar cane,
rum to New Bedford and codfish from Maine,
they were building a wall that will always remain.

Oh, the crown and the cross the musket and chain,
the white man's religion, the family name.
Two hundred years later and who is to blame?
The captain or the cargo or the juice of the sugar cane?

The doryman he knows when the riptides will run,
he sets out his nets and he sits in the sun.
He thinks of his family and drinks of his rum and he waits for the codfish to come.

It's the same goddamned ocean that keeps them alive,
it will swallow you up, it will let you survive.
It will heal you and steal you and take you away
like a note in a bottle with nothing to say

Now back when this earth was a silver blue jewel
And back when your grandfather's father was young,
Men of these shores made and gave up their lives pulling up fish from the sea.

// London Town //

I do believe, I must believe, I think I can begin again.
Become again the man I was back when.
So I'm walking on your streets again, feeling now as I did then,
I've since become a different man.
London Town, turn be around, London Town, carry me back,
oh, London Town, lost and found, and I feel like going back

I can remember lots of time and space, if I lose the name, still I know the faces.
Time as come and left its traces.
London Town, turn be around, London Town, carry me back,
oh, London Town, lost and found, and I feel like going back.

When I grew too old and dull to rock 'n roll, like to hold on tight to you, darling.
And when my fires have all burned out, I'd like to think I can still think about
the things I used to sing about When I was spending all my time alone.
By myself and on my own, seldom seen and quite unknown.
London Town, turn be around, London Town, carry me back,
oh, London Town, lost and found, and I feel like going back. Yes, I feel like going back.

// That Lonesome Road //

Walk down that lonesome road all by yourself
Don't turn your head back over your shoulder
And only stop to rest yourself
When the silver moon is shining high above the trees

If I had stopped to listen once or twice
If I had closed my mouth and opened my eyes
If I had cooled my head and warmed my heart
I'd not be on this road tonight

Carry on, never mind feeling sorry for yourself
It doesn't save you from your troubled mind

Walk down that lonesome road all by yourself
Don't turn your head back over your shoulder
And only stop to rest yourself
When the silver moon is shining high above the trees

