Album: Hourglass

// Line 'Em Up //

I remember Richard Nixon back in '74 and the final scene at the White House door
and the staff lined up to say good-bye, tiny tear in his shifty little eye,
he said, "nobody knows me, nobody understands.
These little people were good to me, oh I'm gonna shake some hands."

Somebody line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.
Somebody line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.

At that time my heart was all broke, I looked like ashes and smelled like smoke
and I turned away from my loving kind, try to leave my body and live in my mind
but it's much too much emotion to hold it in your hand.
They've got waves out on the ocean, they're gonna wear away the land,

Somebody line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.
Want you to line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.

Oh, I've seen corn in Kansas and I've seen picket fences and certain cowboy dances.
I've gone lining up for shows, I've been safely placed in rows, sure I know how it goes.

Another day goes by, little time machine, I'm raking my brain over what it might mean
just to claim the time and to turn away, to make today today.
Who waits for you, lonely tired old toad?
It's your life laid out before you like the broken white line down the center of the road.

Line 'em up line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.
Line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.

Yeah, big moon landing, people are standing up,
smiles for the loved ones, they go walking on down the aisles.
Each re-engages stepping into the sun, I watch them turn like pages one by one by one,

Want you to line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.
Line 'em up, line 'em all up, line 'em up, line 'em all up.

[Indecipherable French grunting]

// Enough To Be On Your Way //

So the sun shines on his funeral just the same as on a birth,
the way it shines on everything that happens here on Earth.
It rolls across the western sky and back into the sea
and spends the day's last rays upon this fucked-up family, so long old pal.

The last time I saw Alice, she was leaving Santa Fe
with a bunch of round-eyed Buddhists in a killer Chevrolet.
Said they turned her out of Texas, yeah, she burned them down back home,
now she's wild with expectation on the edge of the unknown.

Singing oh, it's enough to be on your way,
it's enough just to cover ground, it's enough to be moving on.
Home, build it behind your eyes, carry it in your heart, safe among your own.

They brought her back on a Friday night, same day I was born.
We sent her up the smokestack, yes, and back into the storm.
She blew up over the San Juan Mountains, she spent herself at last.
The threat of heavy weather, that was what she knew best.

Oh, it's enough to be on your way,
it's enough to cover ground, it's enough to be moving on.
Home, build it behind your eyes, carry it in your heart, safe among your own.

It woke me up on a Sunday, an hour before the sun.
It had me watching the headlights out on highway 591.
Till I stepped into my trousers, till I pulled my big boots on,
I walked out on the Mesa and I stumbled on this song

Oh, it's enough to be on your way,
it's enough just to cover ground, it's enough to be moving on.
Home, build it behind your eyes, carry it in your heart, safe among your own.
So long, old gal.

// Little More Time With You //

Gotta watchdog watching me, doggy, watching me packing my bags.
He knows I'm leaving town, I can see that it's a drag.
Why leave the life I love here in the great state of Maine
just to ride that shining rail, just to size that ball and chain?

Oh, I gotta spend just a little more time with you, that's why.
Gotta spend just a little more time with you, oh oh oh.

I passed on the cocaine, said bye-bye to my methadone.
Put down the bottle for one more day, backing off of my tobacco jones.
Still feel like a hopeless junkie, like a man who can't say no.
I look back and there's that monkey, rascal won't let go, let me go.

Gotta spend just a little more time with you, that's right.
Gotta spend just a little more time with you, oh oh.
Gotta spend just a little more time with you, yes I do, yes I do, now.
Gotta spend just a little more time with you, oh oh oh.

I get high and I can't come down, I get high just hanging around.
I get high, I go lost and found, I get high oh I oh I,
gotta spend just a little more time with you, I'll be walking in the light.
Gotta spend just a little bit more time with you, oh oh.
Gotta spend just a little more time with you, just a little more time, just a little more time.
Gotta spend just a little bit more time with you, oh oh....

// Gaia //

The sky was light and the land all dark, the sun rose up over Central Park.
I was walking home from work, Gaia.

The petal sky and the rosy dawn, the world turning on the burning sun.
Sacred wet green one we live on, Gaia.

Run, run, run, run said the automobile and it ran, run for your life, take to your heels.
Foolish school of fish on wheels, Gaia, Gaia

Turn away from your animal kind, try to leave your body just to live in your mind.
Leave your cold cruel mother earth behind, Gaia.

As if you were your own creation, as if you were the chosen nation.
The world around you, just a rude and dangerous invasion, Gaia, Gaia, Gaia.

Someone's got to stop us now, save us from us Gaia, no one's gonna stop us now.

We thought we ought to walk awhile, so we left that town in a single file.
Up and up and up, mile after mile after mile.
We reached the tree line and I dropped my pack,
sat down on my haunches and I looked back down over the mountain,
helpless and speechless and breathless, Gaia.

Pray for the forest pray for the tree, pray for the fish in the deep blue sea.
Pray for yourself and for God's sake, say one for me, poor wretched unbeliever.

Someone's got to stop us now, save us from us Gaia, no one's gonna stop us now.

// Ananas //

Je t'aime encore means I love you still, c'est pour toujours means I always will.
Tu me manquais trop means I missed you much, je fait ce qu'il faut means I'll do what I must.

Me voici a ta fenetre tous les gens me voient ici.
Here I am at your window darling for all your people to see me.

Ananas laisse moi une fois laisse moi te voir, let me one more time, Ananas.
Ananas, I'm loping along, hoping you're home, open up and let me on in.

Maybe I rise and maybe I fall, maybe you lie underneath it all,
I ain't got nothing but for what you see, even my own heart don't belong to me.
Got your river running in my blood, got your fire burning in my heart.
You got me falling like a shooting star, just like some tragic work of art.

Ananas laisse moi une fois laisse moi te voir, let me one more time, Ananas.
Ananas, I'm loping along, hoping you're home, open up and let me on in.
Here I am at your window baby, for all your people to see.
Howling like a dog in the moonlight, won't you have pity on me?

// Jump Up Behind Me //

This land is a lovely green, it reminds me of my own home.
Such children I've seldom seen, even in my own home.
The sky is so bright and clean, just like my home.
Kind people as have ever been, won't you take me back to my own home?

Jump up behind me, my love, jump up behind me.
Old Dan can bear us both, jump up behind me.
We follow this road till we reach the sea, jump up behind me.
We'll catch the tide and set Dan free, jump up behind me.

I've been in this world awhile and I've seen a lot of country.
Many days and many miles, all various and sundry.
I've had my way and I've had my fun and I've had my chance to run free,
burning hot beneath the sun, freezing cold and wintry.

Jump up behind me, my love, jump up behind me.
Old Danny can carry us both, jump up behind me.
We follow this road till we reach the sea, jump up behind me.
We'll catch the tide and set old Dan free, jump up behind me.

I know now, only one thing matters in these day.
One thing, true love, love and love alone, true love.

Came out of a dream last night, thought I was back in my old home.
Mom and Dad were both still alive and the babies not yet born, no.
Felt like a festival and it felt like a Christmas morning,
felt the darkness fall away even as the world was turning on,
I mean even as the world was turning on.  La la la la la, la la la la. I say.
Jump up behind me, my love, jump up behind me.
Follow the road to the western sea...

// Another Day //

Wake up Suzy, put your shoes on, walk with me into this light, oh,
finally this morning, I'm feeling whole again, it was a hell of a night.
Just to be with you by my side, just to have you near in my sight.
Just to walk a while in this light, just to know that life goes on.

Wake up Suzy, put your shoes on, walk with me into this light.

Another night has gone, life goes on, another dawn is breaking.
Turn and face the sun, one by one, the world outside is waking.
Morning light has driven away all the shadows that hide your way.
And night has given away to the promise of another day.

Another day, another chance that we may finally find our way.
Another day, the sun has begun to melt all our fears away.
Another day, another day.

Oh, wake up Suzy, put your shoes on, walk with me into this light.

// Up Er Mei //

We were walking in paradise, never did notice. Blind in the Buddha land, looking for solace.
We had been told of a place, far beyond this vale of tears.
We could never have guessed, we were already blessed.
There we were, where we are in the garden.

Didn't we climb on up Er Mei, temple to temple?
Yes and all and all along the way, the day was simple.
Didn't we reach the top, didn't we gain our goal? Did we finally stop, surprised by the cold?

We were walking in paradise, never did tumble. Blind in the Buddha land, looking for trouble.
We had been told of a place far beyond this vale of tears.
We could never have guessed, we were already blessed.
There we were, where we are, in the garden, in the garden.

// Up From Your Life //

So much for your moment of prayer, God's not at home there is no there, there.
Lost in the stars, that's what you are, left here on your own.

You can only hope to live on this earth, this here is it, for all it's worth.
Nothing else awaits you, no second birth, no starry crown.

For an unbeliever like you, there's not much they can do that would turn you away.
Though I hate to see you surrender, you need to surrender, we must find you a way to
Look up from your life, up from your life, look on up from your life, look up from your life.

There's a river running under your feet, under this house, under this street.
Straight from the heart, ancient and sweet, on its way back home.
Even in the middle of your sadness, the everyday madness, the ongoing game.
Even when you can't find a reason, still there is a reason, you don't need to name it.
Look on up, look up from your life, look on up from your life, look up from your life.

Oh, even for a minute to find yourself in it, to wait by the stream to drop out of your dream,
Look on up, look up from your life, look on up from your life, look up from your life.
Look up from your life, up from your life, look on up from your life, look up from your life.

// Yellow And Rose //

Yellow and rose, yellow and rose, yellow and rose.

Oh boy, Botany Bay, watching the water go by.
Here's your home so far away, here is a tear for your eye.
Here is a vast and unknown land, here are the strangers on the sand.

Oh, seeds of the universe ever endeavor to grow.
Tiny pieces of everything, into the water they go.
Everything changes for the strangers on the shore.
They are blue and green no more, they are yellow and rose.

Down under got the south side, this groovy crazy planet.
Watching from the outside, it's as smooth as a gravy sandwich.
People play music night for day, one caught the sun in a sekere.

Oh, seeds of the universe ever endeavor to grow.
Tiny pieces of everything, into the water they go.
Everything changes for the strangers on the shore.
They are blue and green no more, they are yellow and rose.

Remember when we thought we were in California? We thought it was the eye of the hurricane.
Old gypsy woman she tried to warn you, "You'll be back this way again,
hungry for the rain, it's written in your hand, plain."

Oh, seeds of the universe ever endeavor to grow.
Tiny pieces of everything, into the water they go.
Everything changes for the strangers on the shore.
They are blue and green no more, they are yellow and rose.

Yellow and rose, yellow and rose, yellow and rose.

// Boatman //

Hearts were exploding around us as we drifted south down the bay.
The gray up above and gray down below left us with nothing to say.
So we drifted along in silence till the tickle of life trickled in.
And the rhythm began in the hiss of the sand, we were catching fire again.

Oh boatman, I am the river, I am the mountain and the sea.
Oh boatman, taker and giver, can you deliver me? I would forever run free.

Yeah, we finally caught up with legends, we were walking along side by side.
We worked out a plan to go out hand in hand, the long trail just wasn't that wide.
The water around us was freezing, we just laughed and threw ourselves in.
And although we were old, the sting of that cold pumped up the feeling, here it is again.

Oh boatman, I am the river, I am the mountain and the sea.
Oh boatman, taker and giver, can you deliver me? I would forever run free.

Oh, I'm a message in a bottle drifting along on a deep blue sea.
Waiting for some foreign shore, ready for something to be.

No longer afraid of falling, we cut the strings to the sky.
We found lever ground and we put ourselves down, amazing we all didn't die.
We took each moment as given, by second they came.
The ice and the sun and the thundering guns, good God I was finally sane.

Oh boatman, I am the river, I am the mountain and the sea.
Oh boatman, taker and giver, can you deliver me?
Oh holy roller, I am the river, I am the mountain and the sea.
Oh boatman, taker and giver, can you deliver me? I would forever run free.

// Walking My Baby Back Home //

Gee it's great after staying out late, walking my baby back home.
Arm in arm, over meadow and farm, walking my baby back home.

We go on harmonizing a song or she's reciting a poem,
owls fly by and they give me the eye, walking my baby back home.

We stop for awhile, she gives me a smile and cuddles her cheek to my chest.
We start to pet and that's when I get her powder all over my vest.

After I kind of straighten my tie, she has to borrow my comb.
It's one kiss then we continue again walking my baby back home.

// Hangnail //

Oh money, oh money, oh where have you gone?
I need me some money to have me some fun.
Gonna pick up my guitar and write me some hits,
build me some houses and blow 'em to bits.
Gonna furnish them boldly with style and with taste,
generate truckloads of solid waste.

Hangnail, hangnail, hangnail, hangnail.
Have you ever seen a man with a hangnail?
Hangnail, hangnail, hangnail

Oh money, oh money, oh where have you gone?
I need me some money to have me some fun.
Gonna pick up my guitar and write me some hits.

Hangnail, hangnail, hangnail, hangnail
Have you ever seen a man with a hangnail?
Hangnail, hangnail, hangnail

Oh money, oh money, oh where have you gone?

