Album: InThePocket

// Shower The People //

You can play the game and you can act out the part,
even though you know it wasn't written for you.
Tell me, how can you stand there with your broken heart ashamed of playing the fool?
One thing can lead to another; it doesn't take any sacrifice.
Oh, father and mother, sister and brother, if it feels nice, don't think twice,
just shower the people you love with love, show them the way that you feel.
Things are gonna work out fine if you only will do as I say, just
shower the people you love with love, show them the way you feel.
Things are gonna be much better if you only will.

You can run but you cannot hide, this is widely known.
Tell me, what you plan to do with your foolish pride when you're all by yourself, alone.
Once you tell somebody the way that you feel, you can feel it beginning to ease.
I think it's true what they say about the squeaky wheel always getting the grease.
Better to shower the people you love with love, show them the way that you feel.
Things are gonna be just fine if you only will what I'd like to do to you.
Shower the people you love with love, show them the way that you feel.
Things are gonna be much better if you only will.

Shower the people you love with love, show them the way that you feel.
You'll feel better right away.
Don't take much to do, sell you pride.
They say in every life, they say the rain must fall, just like pouring rain, make it rain.
Make it rain, love, love, love is sunshine, oh yes,
Make it rain, love, love, love is sunshine. Everybody, everybody.

// A Junkie's Lament //

Ricky's been kicking the gong, lickity-split, didn't take too long.
A junkie's sick, a monkey's strong, that's what's wrong.
Well, I guess he's been messing around downtown, so sad to see the man losing ground.
Winding down behind closed doors on all fours.

Mama, don't you call him my name, he can't hear you anymore.
Even if he seems the same to you, that's a stranger to your door.
Go on, ask him what's he come here for.

Oh my God, a monkey can move a man. Send him to hell and home again.
An empty hand in the afternoon, shooting for the moon.
It's halfway sick and it's halfway stoned. He'd sure like to kick but he's too far gone.
They wind him down with the methadone, he's all on his own.

But baby, don't you throw your love away, I hate to seem unkind.
It's only that I understand the man that the monkey can leave behind,
I used to think he was a friend of mine.

Oh, La la la la la la la la, oh, la la la la la la la la. La la la, la la la, la la la la.

// Money Machine //

When I was just a child, my life was, oh, so simple.
And the ways of the great world seemed strange and funny.
Then when I was a young man, I learned of that machine
that turns out all those bails of precious money.

Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money,
Ooo, that money machine.
Now you can measure you manhood by it. You can get your children to try it.
You can bring your enemies to their knees
with the possible exception of the North Vietnamese.
It takes a strong hit from the money machine, sitting on top, on top of the world.
Strong hit from the money machine, sitting on top, on top of the world.

Oh, General Motors and IBM. AFL-CIO and all the king's men.
When I began the game, see me singing about the fire and rain.
Let me just say it again, I've seen fives and I've seen tens.
It was a strong hit from the money machine, sitting on top, on top of the world.
Strong hit from the money machine, sitting on top, on top of the world.

Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, ha ha ha.
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
Give me that dough, give me that dough, give me that dough, give me that dough.

Been living in the lap of luxury too long. Please, Mr. DJ, won't you play my song.
Maybe my baby will listen on the radio.
Come back home to me, help me spend my dough.
I need a strong hit from the money machine. Sitting on top, on top of the goddamn world.
Strong hit, babe, from the money machine, woo, sitting on top, on top of the world.

Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
From that money machine.

// Slow Burning Love //

It was a hot and sultry day somewhere in early September.
I don't hardly remember the day, just the way the sun beat down upon the bay, baby.
I did not even need to know your name,
it was, oh, so plain to see that you had eyes for me.
Halfway open, halfway closed, half-naked eyes for me, baby.

It was a slow burning love, a fair-weather love affair.
A slow burning, smoldering love for you and I.
And like the sun on the edge of the Western sky, it died.

Oh, the lights of the city were close at hand. I might just as well have been another man.
You might just as well have been another girl.
It might just as well have been another world.

It was a slow burning love, a fair-weather love affair.
A slow burning, smoldering love for you and I.
And like the sun on the edge of the Western sky, it died.

Oh, slow burning love.  You were smoking up that day, some kind of hot...
It was a slow burning love, a fair-weather love affair.
A slow burning, smoldering love for you and I.
And like the sun on the edge of the Western sky, it died.

// Everybody Has The Blues //

Poor puppy, you look so sad, I guess you think that no one ever felt so bad before.
Everybody has the blues, everybody has the blues.
Everybody knows the way that you feel today.

Everybody gets to sit and cry, everybody gets to wonder why.
Everybody gets to watch the sky turn grey.

Maybe you lost your job, maybe you lost your girl,
maybe you feel like you're losing your mind that's not the end of the world.

Everybody gets to feel some pain, everyone got to get to caught out in the rain.
Everybody got some days that they can't explain.

Everybody got the blues, everybody has the blues.
Everybody knows the way that you feel today

// Daddy's All Gone //

I don't have much to say. Thought I'd call you up anyway.
Just to try to show you the way that I feel today, oh, I miss you, baby.
I sure am on the road. I don't need to say much more.
Just the same old well-known stranger that I was before. It seems like yesterday, now.

Daddy's all gone, only halfway home. He's holding on to the telephone
saying, please, don't let the show go on.

There's a bus every other hour, there's even the midnight train.
But that don't leave me the power to see your face again. It's not that simple.
You see, there's a room full of smiling faces, there's a man standing by the door.
Says it's time to change our places and get down on the floor and kill 'em, baby.

Daddy's all gone, he's just halfway home.
He's holding on to the microphone singing, please, don't make the show go on.

// Woman's Gotta Have It //

Once upon a time a good friend of mine told me to tell y'all what I say today.
Do the things that keep a smile on her face,
say the words that make her feel better every day.
You bet you better keep on you P's and Q's. If you don't the woman, you can easily lose.
Oh, I had a love, a true love and I lost it.
No one seems to understand about the pain that it cost me.
Woman's got to have it, I believe that I should know,
she's got to know that she's that she's needed around
when you kiss her, you got to make her feel it everyday, boy,
she's got to know that she's not walking on shaky ground. Think it over.

Don't take for granted the smile upon her face.
Check a little bit closer, you might find a tear trace.
Maybe the little girl never said a mumbling word,
but she's got to know that her voice is heard.
Oh, I had a love, it was a true love and I lost it.
Now I'm suffering all this pain that the true love cost me.
A woman's got to have it, I believe, she's got to know that she's that she's needed around
when you kiss her, you got to let her feel it everyday, boy
she's got to know that she's not walking on shaky ground.

So if you've got a love, maybe you've got eyes to keep her,
you've got to give her what she wants when she wants it
where she wants it, all right, how she wants it,
And every dog gone time she thinks she needs it.
Your woman needs it the same as mine, woman got to have it from time to time.
Woman got to have it. Woman got to have it, that's what I say. Woman got to have it.

// Captain Jim's Drunken Dream //

Well you country fools in your one horse town, you can laugh at me.
It's plain as rain that you've never been down to the southern sea.
To see me now is like watching a fish on dry land.
I only wish you could see me down in the islands, mister that's my home.
What a fool I was to leave the only happiness I've known.

You see me coming, you wink your eye and call me Captain Jim.
And when I don't do nothing but walk on by you say babe, get a load of him.
All I need is the sea and the sky and I know where I stand.
Instead of you hicks straight out of the sticks deciding I ain't a man.
You'll never understand. Up here I'm a whisky bum but down there I'm a king.
Sounds just like the angels up in heaven when they sing...
welcome home, welcome home. Such a sight to see.
Instead of some Salvation Army sister singing "Nearer My God To Thee."

Now I know that Yankee whisky has taken away my mind,
and I know that rum is the only drink suitable to mankind.
And I know this tree I'm under is shaped entirely wrong.
I need to see a gentle palm tree and I won't wait to long.
I can feel that it's coming on strong,
the first cold wind of winter is flapping in my clothes
showing me the way with the direction that it blows,
welcome home, welcome home. Let it blow, welcome home, welcome home.
Welcome home, Such a sight to see.
Instead of some Salvation Army sister singing "Nearer My God To Thee."
Let me hear it...

// Don't Be Sad 'Cause Your Sun Is Down //

Don't be sad 'cause your sun is down, you can rise above it.
Don't be sad 'cause you're on your own, you have to learn to love it.
Don't be sad 'cause your sun is down, you're gonna find your way.
Don't be sad 'cause your day is done, there's another day, everyday,
everyday I wake up just the same, waiting for something new.
Every night I have myself to blame for the dreams that haven't come true.
But especially today I'm feeling blue.

Don't be sad 'cause your son is down, little mama he's bound to feel it.
Don't be sad 'cause your boy is blue, it wouldn't do to conceal it from you.
Don't be sad 'cause your sun is down, the night doesn't need your sorrow.
Don't be sad 'cause the light is gone, just keep your mind on tomorrow and carry on.
Everyday I wake up just the same, waiting for something new.
Every night I have myself to blame for the dreams that haven't come true.
But especially today I'm feeling blue.

// Nothing Like A Hundred Miles //

I have tried to forget about you and all the plans that we had planned.
Yes, and I'm bound to leave this town, I don't care where I may land.

If what they're telling me is true, you have found somebody new to love you.
There ain't but one thing I can do, baby,
to save my heart from being broken in two by you, baby, I'm moving through.

There's nothing like a hundred miles between me and trouble in my mind.
There's nothing like a hundred miles, show me the yellow line.
There's nothing like a hundred miles when I'm only passing through.
There's nothing like a hundred miles to make me forget about you, forget about you.

Now don't we like our found farewells.
And don't we like to keep our good-byes nice and clean.
You may wish I'd go to hell while you tell me what a pleasure it's been,
so long, baby, I'm moving on.

There's nothing like a hundred miles between me and trouble in mind.
There's nothing like a hundred miles, show me the yellow line.
There's nothing like a hundred miles when I'm only passing through.
There's nothing like a hundred miles to make me forget about you, forget about you.

I have tried to forget about you. And baby, I have failed.
But just as long as I stay in Houston, I will.

// Family Man //

Woah, Jocko, don't expect me to come out drinking, messing around.
Spending my time with a bunch of crazy people.
Yes, I been there before, I don't need to go back no more.
I'm just a family man, like it or not, I am a family man. I'm a-holding onto what I've got.
I'm a family man,, right by damn. Finally, find out what I am is a family man.

And don't expect me to hit the road at a moment's notice without my suitcase
with some crazy bunch of strangers in some unknown car,
Well, I'm just not willing to go that far.

The life I used to lead was a little too frantic. I guess I just got eyes to grow old and grey.
And if what I have in mind isn't super romantic, I guess I always saw myself this way,
I'm just a family man, like it or not, said I'm a family man, holding onto what I've got,
I'm a family man, right by damn, I finally, find out what I am is a family man.

Sears and Roebuck. Howard Johnson. Colonel Sanders. Station wagon.
Briggs and Stratton. Second mortgage.
If I can ever lose my blues. Walk on over and turn on the TV.
What I'd like to do is lie down on the sofa later on.
I might walk my dog, baby. Bo Diddley's a family man.

// Golden Moments //

Now if all my golden moments could be rolled into one
They would shine just like the sun for a summer day
And after it was over, we could have it back again
With credit to the editor for striking out the rain very clean
And all it really needed was the proper point of view

No one's gonna bring me down, no one's gonna stop me now

Now I gathered up my sorrows and I sold them all for gold
And I gathered up the gold and I threw it all away
It all went for a good time and a song, come on
The laughter was like music, it did float my soul along for a while
And all it really needed was the proper point of view

No one's gonna reach me here, no one's gonna know I'm gone

You may think I must be crazy and I guess you must be right
But I know the way I feel today is out of sight
I do not trust my senses to remember your name
Without corrective lenses, things are never twice the same anyway
And all it really needed was the proper point of view

No one's gonna bring me down, no one's gonna stop me now
No one's gonna reach me here, no one's gonna know I'm gone

