Album: NewMoonShine

// Copperline //

Even the old folks never knew why they call it like they do.
I was wondering since the age of two, down on Copperline.
Copper head, copper beech, copper kettles sitting side by each.
Copper coil, cup o'Georgia peach, down on Copperline.
Half a mile down to Morgan Creek, leaning heavy on the end of the week.
Hercules and a hog-nosed snake, down on Copperline we were down on Copperline.

One Summer night on the Copperline, slip away past supper time.
Wood smoke and new moonshine, down on Copperline.
One time I saw my daddy dance, watched him moving like a man in a trance.
He bought it back from the war in France, down onto Copperline.
Branch water and tomato wine, creosote and turpentine,
sour mash and new moon shine, down on Copperline, down on Copperline.

First kiss ever I took, like a page from a romance book,
the sky opened and the earth shook, down on Copperline, down on Copperline.
Took a fall from a windy height, I only knew how to hold on tight
and pray for love enough to last all night, down on Copperline.
Day breaks and the boys wakes up and the dog barks and the birds sings
and the sap rises and the angels sigh, yeah.

I tried to go back, as if I could, all spec house and plywood.
Tore up and tore up good down on Copperline.
It doesn't come as a surprise to me, it doesn't touch my memory
and I'm lifting up and rising free down on over Copperline.
Half a mile down to Morgan Creek, I'm only living for the end of the week.
Hercules and a hog-nosed snake, down on Copperline, yeah, take me down on Copperline.
Oh, down on Copperline, take me down on Copperline.

// Down In The Hole //

Watch your head on that root, got to let your eyes adjust.
I'm sorry about your suit, can't do nothing about the dust.
Welcome down underground, hunker down a spell.
Gets to feel like home to me though I know it looks like hell.

Down in the hole, Lord, it's deep and the sides are steep.
And the nights are long and cold, down in the hole.
Light and love and the world above mean nothing to the mole.
(Don't mean nothing to the mole.)

Never gets real hot down here, fifty five degrees.
It's always a little bit damp, I fear but I've never seem to freeze.
Mushrooms and earthworms, fancy stuff to eat.
A world of quiet contemplation, oh, yes, just below the street.

Down in the hole, Lord, it's deep and the sides are steep.
And the nights are long and cold, down in the hole.
Light and love and the world above mean nothing to the mole.
(Don't mean nothing to the mole.)

I'm in a hole since I lost my baby, living in a hole since I lost my girl.

Would you play in the moonlight, would you dance in the dirt,
come home way past daybreak, cockleburs all stuck in your shirt?
Come back home to twilight, come back home to me,
subterranean river you are meets the molten sea.

Down in the hole, Lord, it's deep and the sides are steep.
And the nights are long and cold, down in the hole.
Light and love and the world above mean nothing to the mole.
(Don't mean nothing to the mole.)

// (I've Got To) Stop Thinkin' 'Bout That //

I like to think about the time I met you, living with your people down in New Orleans.
Mad at your mama cause she'd never let you ride in no nasty limousine.
Later on the levee with the moon up above, I lost my heart and confessed my love,
Oh Lucy, now, God have mercy, I've got to stop thinkin' 'bout that, somehow.
Does me no damn good.

One Summer night in a field of wheat, God's sweet lanterns hanging in the sky.
Moving light on your tiny feet, I knew I had to love you till the day I die.
They talk about Amazing Grace, it meant something when I saw your face.
Oh Lucy, now, God have mercy, I've got to stop thinkin' 'bout that.
Oh, Lucy, babe, can't stop thinkin' bout you.

I think of all the little things that I never told you, I think I may get to hold you someday.
It's my brain just like a man possessed, I can't do me no work, I can't get me no rest,
I can't understand it baby.

Don't like to think about the way it ended, I hate remembering the things that I said.
I dream a dream of love so splendid, I wake up hard in an empty bed.
I wonder who'll be loving you next, some fool will be writing bad checks.
Oh, Lucy, God have mercy, I've got to stop thinkin' 'bout you.

// Shed A Little Light //

Let us turn our thoughts today to Martin Luther King
and recognize that there are ties between us, all men and women living on the Earth.
Ties of hope and love, sister and brotherhood, that we are bound together
in our desire to see the world become a place in which our children can grow free and strong.
We are bound together by the task that stands before us and the road that lies ahead.
We are bound and we are bound.

There is a feeling like the clenching of a fist
There is a hunger in the center of the chest
There is a passage through the darkness and the mist
And though the body sleeps the heart will never rest

Shed a little light, oh Lord, so that we can see, just a little light, oh Lord.
Wanna stand it on up, stand it on up, oh Lord,
wanna walk it on down, shed a little light, oh Lord.

Can't get no light from the dollar bill, don't give me no light from a TV screen.
When I open my eyes I wanna drink my fill from the well on the hill,
do you know what I mean?

Shed a little light, oh Lord, so that we can see, just a little light, oh Lord.
Wanna stand it on up, stand it on up, oh Lord,
wanna walk it on down, shed a little light, oh Lord.

There is a feeling like the clenching of a fist, there is a hunger in the center of the chest.
There is a passage through the darkness and the mist
and though the body sleeps the heart will never rest.

Oh, Let us turn our thoughts today to Martin Luther King
and recognize that there are ties between us.
All men and women living on the Earth, ties of hope and love, sister and brotherhood.

// The Frozen Man //

Last thing I remember is the freezing cold, water reaching up just to swallow me whole.
Ice in the rigging and howling wind, shock to my body as we tumbled in, mercy from God.
My brothers and the others are lost at sea, I alone am returned to tell thee.
Hidden in ice for a century to walk the world again, Lord have mercy on the frozen man.

Next words that were spoken to me, nurse asked me what my name might be.
She was all in white at the foot of my bed, I said angel of mercy I'm alive or am I dead?
My name is William James McPhee, I was born in 1843.
Raised in Liverpool by the sea but that ain't who I am, Lord have mercy on the frozen man.

It took a lot of money to start my heart, to peg my leg and to buy my eye.
The newspapers call me the state of the art, and the children, when they see me, cry.
I thought it would be nice just to visit my grave, see what kind of tombstone I might have.
I saw my wife and my daughter and it seemed so strange,
both of them dead and gone from extreme old age.
See here, when I die make sure I'm gone, don't leave 'em nothing to work on.
You can raise your arm, you can wiggle your hand, not unlike myself,
and you can wave goodbye to the frozen man.

I know what it means to freeze to death, to lose a little life with every breath.
To say goodbye to life on earth and come around again,
Lord have mercy on the frozen man, Lord have mercy on the frozen man.

// Slap Leather //

Take all the money that we need for school and to keep the street people in out of the cold.
Spend it on a weapon you can never use, make the world an offer that they can't refuse.
Open up the door and let the shark-men feed, Hoover of the future in the land of greed.
Sell the Ponderosa to the Japanese, slap leather, head for that line of trees, yeah.
Slap leather, go on Ron, just about to go myself.

Turn the whole wide world into a TV show so it's just the same game wherever you go.
You never meet a soul that you don't already know, one big advertisement for the status quo.
As if these celebrities were your close friends, as if you knew how the story ends.
As if you weren't sitting in a room alone
and there was somebody real at the other end of the phone, yeah.
Squibnocket, phone sex, just about to dial your number.

Get all worked up so we can go to war, we find something worth killing for.
Tie a yellow ribbon around your eyes, big McFalafel and a side of fries.
Yeah, big McFalafel, stormin' Norman, I just love a parade.
Slap leather, phone love, big McFalafel, just about to dial myself.

// Like Everyone She Knows //

Like everyone she knows, she's holding out for true love,
waiting on an answer, ready for a change.
And everywhere she goes, she's just a little bit on the lookout.
A day might mean tomorrow, questions still remain.
It's not that she's so sad, she always was a happy soul.
But lately she gets to wonder to herself, what's the good of going on anymore?

I see her in her room, sitting at the window,
wondering if she's pretty, feeling just a little small tonight.
She thinks of going home, giving up on the city,
maybe moving back down to Mobile, it's not that far to fall.
I know she won't see me but I might just say anyhow,
if I could be right there right now as I myself was told.

Hold tight to your heart's desire, never ever let it go.
Let nobody fool you into giving it up too soon.
Tend your own fire, lay low and be strong, wait awhile, wait it out,
wait it on out, wait it out, it'll come along.

I know she won't see me but I might just say anyhow,
if I could be right there right now as I myself was told.

Hold tight to your heart's desire, never ever let it go.
Let nobody fool you into giving it up too soon.
Tend your own fire, lay low and be strong,
Wait it out, wait it out, wait it on out.
Wait it out, let it come along, oh, wait awhile, wait awhile.

// One More Go Round //

Workin' on a thing, workin' on a thing, funny little thing I know, sure got to like it.
Only thing I got to show you, running around the room
in my Fruit O' The Loom, a cup of coffee from King Tut's tomb. Save me, Lumalammalu
Sure enough I must have been mokus and so out of focus to miss the first half of the show.
Oh, It gets to the end, we get to run it again just like before, one more go round.

Drank myself some wine back in '69, I was fooling around with my friends in my spare time.
Life along the river, knobby little knees in the Summer breeze,
hammock and a couple of trees, swing low, if you please.
Oh, I must have been mokus and so out of focus, I missed the whole half of the show.
Come to the end and they run it again, same as before, one more go round.

After all this time of fooling around it and never having nothing to show,
yeah, I'm happy to say that I finally found it right underneath my own nose.
Oh, I must have been mokus and so out of focus, I missed the first half of the show.
Please don't let it end, I want it again just like before, one more go round.

// Everybody Loves To Cha Cha Cha //

Took my baby to the hop last night, what to my surprise,
when we got there she hit me with the news right between the eyes-
she said she couldn't do the cha, cha, cha.

I told her not to worry now, they'd play some other dance,
but we sat there for an hour and a half and we never got a chance
cause every song they played was the cha, cha, cha.

I told her not to worry, there's still one thing we can do,
let me take you by your hand tonight, I want to teach this dance to you.
I taught my baby how to cha, cha, cha.

We kept on dancing for an hour or two, what do you think I'd see?
We hadn't practiced for a time or two around, she was doing it better than me.
You know my baby loves to cha, cha, cha.

Everybody loves to cha, cha, cha. Little children love to cha, cha, cha.
Everybody loves to cha, cha, cha. Sam Cooke himself in the midnight hour.
Everybody loves to cha, cha, cha.

// Native Son //

Mount up, move on, may you find the way back home.

Down and down we go, down into bright October,
brothers in arms no more now that the war is over.
Have you waded in and been to hell? Will you lie upon the sofa,
see to the decoration of your shell now that the war is over?

Mount up, move on, damn the darkness, speed the dawn, they lost, we won.
Try to find your way back home, native son.

Down and down we go, down into bright October,
brothers in arms no more now that the war is over.
Have you waded in and been to hell? Will you lie upon the sofa,
see to the decoration of your shell now that the war is over?

Mount up, move on, damn the darkness, speed the dawn, they lost, we won.
Try to find your way back home, native son.

// Oh Brother //

I'm not much for making little wishes, but I'd like a little wish to come true for you.
I'm not talking about loaves and fishes but I wish that there was something I could do for you.
Here's a little bit of cheap advice to be taken in an hour of need,
don't assume that the life you left is the life you have to lead.

When you come home, what you gonna do oh brother, oh brother.
Don't you try to deny what you know to be true,
the same mess of misery that you done been through,
standing in line and it's waiting for you.
One kiss leads to another, brother, when you come back home.

I'd like to know who's knocking on door, I'd like to know what they come here for.
You'd like to say no but the words won't come,
come in and sit down, seem to roll off your tongue.
You forget to remember, to never die young, one kiss leads to another.
Brother when you come back home, standing in line, all of your friends,
standing in line, party never ends, standing in line, the river flows, the river bends,
standing in line, all of your friends.

When you come home, what you gonna do oh brother, oh brother.
Don't you try to deny what you know to be true,
the same mess of misery that you done been through,
standing in line and it's waiting for you.
One kiss leads to another, brother, when you come back home.

And that moon will be shining in the trees all night long, something bound to happen for sure.
Soon you'll be stopping by talking to a friend again, swear you ain't never tasted nothing so pure.

When you come home, what you gonna do oh brother, oh brother.
Don't you try to deny what you know to be true,
the same mess of misery that you done been through,
standing in line and it's waiting for you.
One kiss leads to another, brother, when you come back home.

When you come home, your friends are dropping by,
when you come home, the moon is gonna shine.
When you come home, I tell you no lie, when you come home, they're gonna offer you a line.
Standing in line, all of your friends, standing in line, party never ends now.
Standing in line, the river flows, the river bends, standing in line, all your so called friends.
Standing in line, when you come home, standing in line, oh brother, oh brother now.
Standing in line, when you come home, standing in line, what you're gonna do now?

// The Water Is Wide //

The water is wide, I can't cross over, and neither have I wings to fly.
Build me a boat that can carry two and both shall row, my love and I.

There is a ship and she sails the sea. She's loaded deep, as deep can be.
But not so deep as the love I'm in, I know not how I sink or swim.

Oh love is handsome and love is fine, the sweetest flower when first it's new.
But love grows old and waxes cold and fades away like Summer dew.

Build me a boat that can carry two and both shall row, my love and I,
And both shall row, my love and I.

