Album: NewWaveHotDogs

// Clunk //

Waited just a little bit too long 
Stopped mattering why 
When does a thing alright turn wrong 
And X turns to Y 
If there is a way she'll admit she's wrong 
She wonders why he went away. 
He never said that much at all. 
He's waited real hard for things to change 
to something she won't criticize 
He's real mad and thinks about nothing 
nothing at all, then the feeling dies 
If there is a way she'll admit she's wrong 
She wonders why he went away. 
He never said that much. 
If there is a way she'll admit she's wrong 
She wonders why he went away. 
He never said that much. 
If there is a way she'll admit she's wrong 
If there is a way she'll admit she's wrong

// House Fall Down //

I met a tugboat captain 
The stories he could tell 
Of a sailor's life in the shallow water 
The saddest yarn he'd spin, it happened on dry land 
He saw his house fall down 
It shed it's bricks and it dropped to the ground 
Ah, well, made him feel so bad, 
he thinks about it and he crys. 
Ah, well, made him feel so mad, 
Don't want to think about it now. 
You never walk out, or even look away 
He had a house torn down, swipe a deed and start breaking ground 
Drop some mortar, we'll be rippin' up your asphalt 
Another house goes down, and another house, 
and another drops to the ground, drops to the ground

// Lewis //

The beer was talking and it seemed a little bored
Suggested walking for awhile
Thought it'd be dramatic if we walked all night
But I got tired, so I came home
Lay back on the couch to watch TV
The drunks were talking, wasn't long before I grew bored,
Lewis didn't feel the same
I guess they spoke in tongues that wrapped around his brain,
He didn't mind the feeling at all
Remember me sometime when I am far away
And I will try and do the same
Maybe just like you some day I will forget
Every hit song America ever had
Like this is for all the Lonely People,
And Oz never gave nothing to the Tin Man,
And I've been to a desert on a horse without a name

// It's Alright (The Way That You Live) //

I don't care about your ways 
of love and life and walkin' 
And I don't care about your days 
Of carin' and not talkin' 
But It's all right the way that you live 
It's all right the way that you live 
It's alright 
I don't care about your present pay 
and your night life you keep burning 
And I don't care about what your old man says 
all the ways you have of learnin' 
It's your right the way that you live 
It's all right the way that you live 
You won't call 
It doesn't matter if your sun shines out in the evening 
Don't wait, it won't wait for you to come all night, come a-running.
I don't care about your ways 
of love and life and walkin' 
And I don't care about your days 
Of carin' and not talkin' 
It's alright the way that you live 
It's alright the way that you live 
It's alright the way that you live 
It's alright the way that you live

// 3 Blocks From Groove Street //

On the verge of somewhere he wanted to be 
Thought he'd take a chance, thought he'd take a dive 
He wandered away, wandered away from his nothing life 
He wandered away, wandered away from his nothing life 
Feeling sad and laughed at, misunderstood 
Just how dry have I become 
He wandered away, wandered away from his nothing life 
He wandered away, wandered away from his nothing life 
Passed the edge of nowhere 
he ever thought he'd be 
He pressed down, and then he took the bait. 
He wandered away, wandered away from his nothing life, his nothing life

// Let's Compromise //

Well, I can compromise, so can you, let's compromise 
Think about what we can compromise, let's compromise 
Well, I can compromise, so can you, let's compromise 
Think about what we can compromise, let's compromise 
There is so much we can compromise, let's compromise

// Serpentine //

In the middle of nowhere
Thought I heard a sound
Went to seek it out
Track it down

In the middle of nowhere
Broke out in sweat
And I don't know how I got there
All I knew was I was wet

There was no one, nobody there
I was tired and I was scared

Maybe next time I'll know better
Maybe I've learned nothing at all
Nothing at all [x2]

I should have known...[x3]

// A Shy Dog //

Sitting at home inside yourself 
Thinking it's cool to be so reserved 
And it's kinda funny 
Lying in bed that night, wasting time, wasting time 
and I know how that is, want to know how that is 
How do these days go by, why does time move so slow 
When are my decisions made 
Make a new plan that you're gonna be strong 
Eat a bit of lunch and the moment's gone, 
But not quite forgotten. 
When you alone at night, reflecting time, reflecting time. 
And I know where that leads, want to know where that leads. 
How do these days go by, why does time move so slow 
When are my decisions made 
When that day comes, you're sure you're gonna know 
You're like some shy dog looking for the nerve, 
looking for the nerve to bite. 
Start to react, too smart to miss 
You're coming just til you resent 
It's turning into a problem 
Lying awake at night, just wasting time, wasting time 
And I know where that leads, do you want to know where that leads. 
How do these days go by, why does time move so slow 
How do these days go by, why does time move so slow 
When are my decisions made, I'll never know, I'll wonder.

// No Water //

A dirty street outside my room, papers swirl around, 
Not a soul on a night of gloom, tries to stop a howl. 
Another day on a dismal beach, a seagull turns and flys by 
The waves seem so high and fierce, break and crash back down. 
If the worst should happen, or if it takes all day 
Or if the sun turns grey and cold 
Violent wind come blow me down 
Ring chimes with a haunting air 
The curtains whoop and the dogs they growl 
Otherwise a silent town

// The Story Of Jazz //

Georgia left me alone last Wednesday night, 
So I went to New York, to see what Doug was up to. 
And I saw this band 
Their name escaped me by Thursday 
And the way it happend, looking, look for something to believe in. 
???, he's had another bad day 
The Italian thing, it's buggin' him more than he wants to admit. 
Yeah, it brings him down 
Sign a producer, don't matter at all. 
The way it happened, nothing lasts like you think it might. 
Well, naturally I was a little confused 
So I placed a call, person to person, 
Connect me to Steve Albini 
Let the phone ring twice 
When he answered I forgot everything I was gonna say

