Album: HallowedGround

// Country Death Song //

I had me a wife, I had me some daughters
I tried so hard; I never knew still waters
Nothing to eat and nothing to drink
Nothing for a man to do but sit around and think
Nothing for a man to do but sit around and think

Well, I'm a-thinkin' and thinkin', 'til there's nothin' I ain't thunk
Breathing in the stink 'til finally I stunk
It was at that time, I swear I lost my mind
I started making plans to kill my own kind
I started making plans to kill my own kind

"Come, little daughter," I said to the youngest one
"Put your coat on, we'll have some fun
We'll go out to mountains, the one to explore."
Her face then lit up, I was standing by the door
Her face then lit up, I was standing by the door

"Come, little daughter, I will carry the lanterns
We'll go out tonight, we'll go to the caverns
We'll go out tonight, we'll go to the caves
Kiss your mother goodnight and remember that God saves
Kiss your mother goodnight and remember that God saves."

I led her to a hole, a deep black well
I said, "Make a wish, make sure and not tell
And close your eyes, dear, and count to seven
You know your papa loves you; good children go to heaven
You know your papa loves you; good children go to heaven."

I gave her a push, I gave her a shove
I pushed with all my might, I pushed with all my love
I threw my child into a bottomless pit
She was screaming as she fell, but I never heard her hit
She was screaming as she fell, but I never heard her hit

Gather round, boys, to this tale that I tell
You wanna know how to take a short trip to Hell?
It's guaranteed to get your own place in Hell
Just take your lovely daughter and push her in the well
Take your lovely daughter and throw her in the well

Don't speak to me of lovers with a broken heart
You wanna know what can really tear you apart?
I'm going out to the barn; will I never stop in pain?
I'm going out to the barn to hang myself in shame

// I Hear the Rain //

I hear the rain. I hear the rain. 
I hear the rain. 
Got to kill the pain. 
I hear the rain. I hear the rain. 
I hear the rain. 
Got to kill the pain. 

Burry me out on a lone prarie. 
Prarie water washin' over me. 
Burry me out on a lone prarie. 
A friend who calls a coyote. 

Burry me out in the lone city. 
Sewer water color of my tea. 
Burry me out in the lone city. 
Sewer water wash we all down to sea. 

She use to sit and watch and wait. 
Now I think I'll go and sit.

// Never Tell //

Hey, sister, have you heard?
Some people stand like trees without a word,
And what that means is that some people don't talk.

Oh, please, pardon me, mister.
You know I just didn't hear you that first time that you said that,
But now that you repeat for me, I'll be sure to do what I can.
You know I'm going to do what I can, do what I can, do-do-do-do what I can.
Gonna do what I can, do what I can, do-do-do-do what I can.
But no more, you understand?

Oh, please, pardon me, father.
You know, I just didn't hear you that, that first time that you said th...
Help me, help me, help me, help me, repeat it, repeat it, repeat it.
I'll be sure to do, do, do what I can.
Do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
Gotta do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can,
But no more, you understand?

It's of utmost importance, we're dealing with volatile substance.
I had so much on my mind. I was so glad when I died, oh...

Listen to me, baby, can you keep a secret for me?
Make sure no one finds out, 'cause then the lights will go out.
And I will find you out, and I will cut you up.
Uh-hmm, don't ask me why because I said I'm gonna do what I can,
Do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
Gotta do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
But I'll have none of that, you understand?

Don't you know nothin'? You never tell on someone.
Don't you know nothin'? You ain't never going to tell on someone.

What you going to do? Gonna turn, gonna turn rat fink?
What you wanna do? Do want to see, do you wanna see what it's like to sink?
Sink down, sink down, sink down, down, down to the bottom of the river.
Sink down, sink, sink down, down, down, down, to the bottom of the river, sink, down, sink.
Sink down, down. Down, down to bottom of the river.
Sink down, sink, sink down, down. Down, down to the bottom of the river.

Don't you know no one? You never tell on someone.
Don't you know no one? You ain't never gonna tell on someone. 

Ah, ah, oh, I tell you what it's like, I tell you what it's like, oh.
I stood right up in the heart of Hell, I never tell.
I stood right up in the heart of Hell,
I'm never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
I'm never, never, never, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Nothing, nothing, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
I'm never, never, never, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Nothing, nothing, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Ah...

// Jesus Walking On The Water //

Oh my, oh my, oh my, what if it was true?
And oh my, oh my, oh my, tell me is it true?
Did he, did he, did he die upon that cross?
And did he, did he, did he come back across?

Jesus walking on the water, Sweet Jesus walking in the sky.
Sinking sand, took my hand, raised me up, and brought me up,
So I can hold my head up high...

Will I, will I, will I be true to my birth?
And will I, will I, will I give what I'm worth?
Oh, yes, sir, yes, sir, yes, sir, I come when you call,
And, yes, sir, yes, sir, yes, sir, sweet Jesus, my all-in-all.

// I Know It's True but I'm Sorry to Say //

I know it's true but I'm sorry to say
Yesterday's a day away
Nothing I could do to make it stay like that
Ain't that a fact?

I know it's true but I'm sorry to say
I just can't handle things this way
I know it's late but I'd like to stay a while
See you smile

Will you meet me in the morning
With the sun fresh on the dew?
Will you meet me in the afternoon
Made just for me and you?
Will you meet me in the evening
When the nighttime starts to crawl?
Will you meet me in the hall?
Will meet me on the wall?
Will you meet me at all?

One more time, one more time
Shaking up and down my spine
Jump a rope or skip a line or two
What can I do?

One more time, one more time
Color flashing neon sign
Advertising a friend of my distraction
Latest attraction

Oh my body has been punished
Lord, I think I've had enough
Oh my body has been punished
With too much and not enough
Oh my body has been punished
And my mind can no longer bluff
My mind is so unkind
My mind is so unkind
It keeps me crying all the time

I know its true but I'm sorry to say
Yesterday's a day away

// Hallowed Ground //

The prophet is a fool
the spiritual man is mad
For the multitude of thy iniquity
And the great hatred...

Everyone's tryin
to decide
where to go
when theres no place to hide
I follow the bombs as theyre coming down
This must have been
Hallowed Ground

Ooooooo ooo ooo ooooo ooo oo o o

No matter what
they decide to have done
burn up the clouds
Block out the sun

My hope is in 
one they cant bring down
My soul is in
Hallowed Ground

Oo ooo oooo oo

I see the fear
Its on the rise
Lets catch the enemy
By surprise

Bury your treasure
Where it cant be found
Bury it deep
In Hallowed Ground

Ooo ooo ooo oooo oo ooo oo o
Ooo ooo ooo oooo oo ooo oo oooooooo

// Sweet Misery Blues //

Yeah I saw you walkin down the street
I could tell by your look that you didn't wanna meet
so this time
I went away
But next time
Im just gonna have to say
"Could I buy a dress or something?
Could I buy ya some jewelry or something?
Would ya go out with me or something?
Would ya sleep with me or something?"

Ya better watch out!
If your trains moving too fast.
Ya better look out!
if youre living in the past because
Thats why you'll never lose
These sweet, misery blues
Thats why you'll never lose
These sweet misery blues

Yeah im gonna corner you in an elevator
and you wont be able to put me off till later
I'll put on my charm
I'll tingle your spine
I'll take off my charm
And then you'll wanna die

"Could i buy you a dress or something?
Could I buy ya some jewelry or somethin?
Would you go out with me or somethin?
Would ya sleep with me or somethin?"

YOU BETTER WATCH OUT
cause you can't get rid of me
Ya better look out
Oh baby dont you see?
Thats why you'll never lose
These sweet misery blues
Thats why you'll never lose
These sweet misery blues

// Black Girls //

I dig the black girls, oh, so much more than the white girls
I was so pleased to learn they were faster
Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, oooh and after

Along comes a faggot white boy
Said look, look, look for some kind of joy
They come around so queer and quiet
But inside rebel and riot

Said I dig the white boys
Oh, so much more that the black boys
I was so pleased to learn they're not smarter
Go on, give, give, give it to me harder, harder, harder, just say harder

You know I love the Lord of hosts
The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost
I was so pleased to learn that he's inside me
In my time of trouble he will hide me

I dig the black girls
I dig the black girls
I dig the black girls
I dig the black girls

// It's Gonna Rain //

Now who, who, who do you think I am?
Well, I built this ark with Japheth, Shem, and Ham.
Now what, what, what do you think it's gonna do
when I live by faith and now my work is through?

It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
I said it's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
Yes, It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain.)
I'm so happy to say (It's gonna rain)
Oh It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain) on the world today

Now when, when, when I am in doubt
and I think that things for me will never work out,
but where, where, where the heart is true,
ya know Lord, your God, will never forsake you.

It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
I said it's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
Yes, It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain.)
I'm so happy to say (It's gonna rain)
Oh It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain) on the world today

[repeat verse 1 (drums only)]

It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
I said it's gonna rain (It's gonna rain)
Yes, It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain.)
I'm so happy to say (It's gonna rain)
Oh It's gonna rain (It's gonna rain) on the world today
Forty days and forty nights (It's gonna rain)
Forty days and forty nights (It's gonna rain)
Hallileua, it's alright (It's gonna rain)
Everybody's sleepin' tight (It's gonna rain)
Oh, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's gonna rain tonight.
[repeat chorus three times]

