// Mama Tried //

The first thing I remember knowing
Was a lonesome whistle blowing
And a young'un's dream of growing up to ride
On a freight train leaving town
Not knowing where I'm bound
And no one could change my mind but Mama tried

One and only rebel child
From a family meek and mild
My mama seemed to know what lay in store
Despite all my Sunday learning
Towards the bad I kept on turning
Till Mama couldn't hold me anymore

And I turned twenty-one in prison doing life without parole
No one could steer me right but Mama tried, Mama tried
Mama tried to raise me better, but her pleading I denied
That leaves only me to blame 'cause Mama tried

Dear old Daddy, rest his soul
Left my mom a heavy load
She tried so very hard to fill his shoes
Working hours without rest
Wanted me to have the best
She tried to raise me right but I refused

And I turned twenty-one in prison doing life without parole
No one could steer me right but Mama tried, Mama tried
Mama tried to raise me better, but her pleading I denied
That leaves only me to blame 'cause Mama tried

// Green, Green Grass Of Home //

The old hometown looks the same as I step down from the train
And there to meet me is my mama and papa
Down the lane I look and there runs Mary hair of gold and lips like cherries
It's good to touch the green, green grass of home.

The old house is still standing though the paint is cracked and dry
There's the old oak tree that I used to play on
Down the lane I walk with my sweet Mary hair of gold and lips like cherries
It's so good to touch the green, green grass of home.

Yes they'll all come to meet me arms a reached smiling sweetly
It's so good to touch the green, green grass of home.

Then I awake and look around me at the four grey walls that surround me
And I realized that I was only dreaming
For there's a guard and there's that sad old padre
Arm in arm we'll walk at daybreak
And again I'll touch the green, green grass of home.

Yes, they'll all come to see me in the shade of that old oak tree
As they lay me neath the green, green grass of home...

// Little Ole Wine Drinker Me //

I'm praying for rain in California
So the grapes can grow and they can make more wine
And I'm a sittin' at a honky'n in Chicago
With a broken heart and a woman on my mind.

I match the man behind a bar for the jukebox
And the music takes me back to Tennessee
When they ask who's the fool in the corner cryin'
I say a little ole wine drinker me.

I came here last week from down in Nashville
Cause my baby left for Florida on a train
And I thought I'd get a job and just forget her
But in Chicago a broken heart is still the same.

I match the man behind a bar for the jukebox
And the music takes me back to Tennessee
When they ask who's the fool in the corner cryin'
I say a little ole wine drinker me.

Yeah, I say a little ole wine drinker me...

// In The Good Old Days (When Times Were Bad) //

We got up before sunup to get the work done up
We'd work in the fields till the sun had gone down
We've stood and we've cried as we helplessly watched
A hailstorm a beatin' our crops to the ground
And I've gone to bed hungry many nights as a lad
In the good old days when times were bad.

I've seen daddy's hands break open and bleed
And I've seen him work till he's stiff as a board
I've seen mama lay and suffer in sickness
In need of a doctor we couldn't afford
Anything at all was more than we had
In the good old days when times were bad.

No amount of money could buy from me
The mem'ries that I have of them
No amount of money could pay me
To go back and live through it again.

We've got up before we found ice on the floor
Where the wind would blew snow through the cracks in the wall
And I've walked many miles to an old country school
With my luch in a bag of my overalls
Anything at all was more than we had
In the good old days when times were bad.

No amount of money could buy from me
The mem'ries that I have of them
No amount of money could pay me
To go back and live through it again...

// I Could Have Gone Right //

Oh, I was born a good boy my mama loved me so
She gave me every chance she could to make my life a gold
But I fell in with the wrong crowd and the wrong crowd led me on
But I could have gone right just as easy as I went wrong.

I went to the places where sin just waits for you
And I fell in with the wrong crowd like sinners always do
Now here I sit in prison just waiting for the day
When they'll lead me throught that door and burn my life away.

Oh, mama please forgive me, the shame is all my own
For I could have gone right just as easy as I went wrong.

Oh, mama please forgive me, the shame is all my own
For I could have gone right just as easy as I went wrong...

// I'll Always Know //

Revenge must be the reason
Why forgiveness was a thing I never knew
And someday soon I know you plan to hurt me
But don't plan on getting by with the things you do.

'Cause I'll always know when you been cheating
And I'll always know you've been untrue
I'll always know.

Your heart is like a window
But when I look inside I see another man
But go on and lie and tell him how you fooled me
But remember I saw through you're evil plan.

'Cause I'll always know when you been cheating
And I'll always know you've been untrue
I'll always know.

And don't forget it either.

// The Sunny Side Of My Life //

Oh, the sunny side of my life is the side you're living on
Grey skies never come when I'm with you
Good times hang around only when you're here at home
The sunny side of my life is here with you.

Standing at my window watching raindrops hit the ground
Countin' up the days you've been away
It's lonely here without you and the blues had got me down
Come on home and brighten up my days.

Oh, the sunny side of my life is the side you're living on
Grey skies never come when I'm with you
Good times hang around only when you're here at home
The sunny side of my life is here with you.

Sittin' on a park bench with the funnies in my hand
Trying hard to laugh at what I see
The sunny side of my life is shining somewhere else
Nothing's quite the way it ought to be.

Oh, the sunny side of my life is the side you're living on
Grey skies never come when I'm with you
Good times hang around only when you're here at home
The sunny side of my life is here with you...

// Teach Me To Forget //

You taught me how to love with all my heart
With all my soul I trusted you
And now you say we'll have to live apart
A thing I don't know how to do

You say someday I'll find somebody new
And I'll have not one regret
Stay a while if what you say is true
Stay and teach me to forget

You taught me how to worship you alone
And now you say that you must go
And people call me on the telephone
Just to say I told you so

You say someday I'll find somebody new
And I'll have not one regret
Stay a while if what you say is true
Stay and teach me to forget.

Stay and teach me to forget...

// Folsom Prison Blues //

I hear that train a comin' it's comin' around the bend
I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when
I'm locked in Folsom Prison and time keeps draggin' on
And I hear that train a rollin' on down to San Antone.

When I was just a baby my mama told me son
Always be a good boy don't ever play with guns
But I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die
When I hear that lonesome whistle I hang my head and I cry.

I bet there's rich folks eatin' in a fancy dining car
They're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars
Well I know I had it comin' I know I can't be free
But I hear that train a rollin' that's what tortures me.

If they freed me from this prison if that railroad train was mine
I bet I'd move it over a little farther down the line
Far from Folsom Prison that's where I long to be
And let that train keep a rollin' and roll my blues away...

// Run 'Em Off //

Now when the big bad wolf got in grandma's house
A little Red Ridinghood was scared as the mouse
And just like her I'm scared through and through
Some two legged wolf would run away with you.

So run 'em off no use to talk all day
Just run 'em off they're tryin' to get you to play
Run 'em off and make 'em let us be
If you don't run 'em off I swear you're cheatin' on me.

Now there's an iceman and milkman and folks out of town
They don't come to visit they just hang around
They act just as friendly as can be
But I don't think they care a thing about me.

So run 'em off don't talk too long
Run 'em off so we can be alone
Run 'em off and make 'em let us be
If you don't run 'em off I swear you're cheatin' on me.

No matter where you are or what you do
Folks start to whistle and how is you
When they get too close I wanna say shoo
Cause it looks like they wanna take what bother you.

So run 'em off, don't talk too long
You're gonna get in Dutch
Run 'em off and make 'em let us be
If you don't run 'em off I swear you're cheatin' on me.

Now once I ended this song but I write so more
Cause there's a half-a-dozen wolfs comin' up to my door
And I can tell by a lookin' cause it's plain to see
That they're not here to make eyes at me.

So run 'em off don't talk too long
You're gonna get in Dutch
Run 'em off and make 'em let us be
If you don't run 'em off I swear you're cheatin' on me...

// You'll Never Love Me Now //

Admitting you're to blame won't heal my wounded pride
It's too late to be ashamed I've already stepped aside
Just let me live again and please don't come around
If you never loved me then you'll never love me now.

You fooled me all the way each time you held me tight
But when darkness turned to day then I finally saw the light
When I really needed you that's when you let me down
If you never loved me then you'll never love me now.

Just let me live again and please don't come around
If you never loved me then you'll never love me now...

// Too Many Bridges To Cross Over //

Be close to me but please don't ever love me
Don't let your feelings carry you that far
I'll hold you in my arms buy you clothes and pretty charms
And I'll give you everything except my love.

Because there's too many bridges to cross over
Too many places I ain't been
Yeah there's too many fields of tempting clover
Like an eagle I'm a prisoner of the wind.

Well traveling was the nickname of my papa
And mama said he died cause he slowed down
Keep in mine these things I'm saying
Cause I ain't got the time to staying
Won't be long until my shoes touch distant ground.

Because there's too many bridges to cross over
Too many places I ain't been
Yeah there's too many fields of tempting clover
Like an eagle I'm a prisoner of the wind...

