// California Blues //

Well I'm goin' to California where they sleep out every night yeah
I'm goin' to California where they sleep out every night
I'm leaving you mama cause you know you don't treat me right.

Let me tell you something mama that you don't know
Let me tell you something good gal that you don't know
Well I'm a do-right papa and got home everywhere I go yeah.

I got the California blues and I'm sure gonna leave you here Lawd Lawd
I got the California blues and I'm sure gonna leave you here
I may ride the blinds I ain't got no railroad fare.

Listen to me mama while I sing this song
Listen to your daddy sing you this so lonesome song
You got me worried now but I won't be worried too long.

I got the California blues and I'm sure gonna leave you here Lawd Lawd
I got the California blues and I'm sure gonna leave you here
I may ride the blinds I ain't got no railroad fare...

// Narration #1 //

When Jimmie Rodgers first sang California Blues he'd never been to the
golden state. He wrote and recorded the song in October 1928
He always dreamed of touring California but tuberculosis kept him from
making such a tour. Most of Jimmie's in person performances were in the
area from Texas east and it was in this area that he knew the railroads and
the railroaders and the bums that road the rods
Jimmie had a special feeling for the hobo
And he was always good for a touch by one of the knights of the road
He knew their problems and he knew them well
For Jimmie had hoboed many of the main lines himself.

// Hobo's Meditation //

Tonight as I lay on a boxcar
Just waiting for train to pass by
What will become of the hobo
Whenever his time comes to die.

There's a Master up yonder in heaven
Got a place that we might call our home
Will we have to work for a livin'
Or can we continue to roam.

Will there be any freight trains in heaven
Any boxcars in which we might hide
Will there be any tough cops or brakemen
Will they tell us that we cannot ride.

Will the hobo chum with the rich man
Will we always have money to spare
Will they have respect for the hobo
In that land which lies hidden up there.

Will there be any freight trains in heaven
Any boxcars in which we might hide
Will there be any tough cops or brakemen
Will they tell us that we cannot ride.

Will the hobo chum with the rich man
Will we always have money to spare
Will they have respect for the hobo
In that land which lies hidden up there...

// Waitin' For A Train //

All around the water tanks
Waiting for a train
A thousand miles away from home
Sleeping in the rain.

I walked up to a brakeman
To give him a line of talk
He said if you've got money
I'll see that you don't walk.

I haven't got a nickel
Not a penny can I show
Get off, get off, you railroad bum
And he slammed that boxcar door.

He put me off in Texas
The place I dearly love
The wide open spaces all around me
The moon and stars up above.

Nobody seemed to want me
Nor to lend me a helping hand
I'm on my way from Frisco
I'm going back to Dixie Land.

Though my pocketbook is empty
And my heart is full of pain
I'm a thousand miles away from home
Waitin' for a train.

Nobody seemed to want me
Nor to lend me a helping hand
I'm on my way from Frisco
I'm going back to Dixie Land.

Though my pocketbook is empty
And my heart is full of pain
I'm a thousand miles away from home
Waitin' for a train...

// Mother, The Queen Of My Heart //

I had a home down in Texas down where the bluebonnets grew
I had the kindest old mother how happy we were just we two
Till one day the angels called her that debt we all have to pay
She'd call me close to her bedside these last few words to say.

Son don't start drinking and gambling promise you'll always go straight
Ten years have passed as we parted that promise I've broke I must say
I started gambling for past time at last I was just like them all
I bet my clothes and my money never dreaming that I'd ever fall.

One night I've bet all my money nothing was left to be seen
All that I needed to break them was one card and that was a Queen
The cards were delt round the table each man took a card on the draw
I drew the one that would beat them I turned it here's what I saw.

I saw my mother's picture somehow she seemed to say
Son you have broken your promise so I tossed the cards away
My winnings I gave to a newsboy I knew I was wrong from the start
I'll never forget that promise to the mother the Queen of my heart.

Oh le-ee oh le-ee oh le-ee...

// My Carolina Sunshine Girl //

Moon, moon, I can see you sinking low
You make me think of sweetheart a little girl that I love so
After I wonder the whole night through wondering if you miss me too
Oh, why I'm about lonesome thinking of someone thinking only of you.

My carolina sunshine girl
You have turned my heart to stone
My Carolina sunshine girl
You have left me all alone.

I wonder why I sit and cry
When I really should laugh at your little old photograph
Well, you're the sweetest thing here in this world
And I love, love, love you my Carolina sunshine girl.

I wonder why I sit and cry
When I really should laugh at your little old photograph
Well, you're the sweetest thing here in this world
And I love, love, love you my Carolina sunshine girl...

// Narration #2 //

Jimmie Rodgers earned the title of America's blue yodler
By composing and performing a series of 12 blue yodles
Jimmie by no means invented the yodle
But provided the yodle a unique interpretation by combining it with the blues
Jimmie made the yodle work for him
His yodle could display pain loneliness or even a happy frame of mind
Somebody said that Jimmie often inserted the yodle because he ran out of
lyric but I prefer to think that Jimmie Rodger's yodle more often
Than not displayed his real feelings better than any lyric could have...

// Train Whistle Blues //

When a woman gets the blues she hangs her little head and cries
When a woman gets the blues she hangs her little head and cries
But when a man gets blues he grabs him a train and rides.

I can't understand how come you do me like you do
I can't understand how come you do me like you do do do do do
Well if you don't want me woman so since I don't want you.

Looky yonder coming, coming down the railroad track
Looky yonder coming, coming down the railroad track
And see the black smoke rolling rolling from that old smoke stack.

De yodel le-ee ai-de yodel e-ee.

Hey, hey, hey

I feel so bad the whole round world looks blue
I feel so bad that the whole round world looks blue
I ain't got no money I don't know what to do.

Looky yonder coming, coming down the railroad track
Looky yonder coming, coming down the railroad track
And see the black smoke rolling rolling from that old smoke stack.

De yodel le-ee ai-de yodel e-ee...

// Why Should I Be Lonely //

Oh, the moon lights so bright makes me lonely tonight
Everything seems to make me feel blue here
I'm down hearted now I'm lonesome somehow
'Cause you are proving untrue.

But why should I be so lonely
Why should I be so sad
Though another is taking from me
The best pal that I ever had.

She's taking the sunshine with her
And leaving the clouds for me
But why should I be so lonesome
When there's nobody lonesome for me.

The violets so blue are calling for you
The roses so sweet make me lonely
They bring to my mind a sweet happy time
When your love was only for me.

But why should I be so lonely
Why should I be so sad
Though another is taking from me
The best pal that I ever had.

She's taking the sunshine with her
And leaving the clouds for me
But why should I be so lonesome
When there's nobody lonesome for me...

// Jimmie's Texas Blues //

The way I been treated sometime I wish I were dead
The way I been treated sometime I wish I were dead
Cause I ain't got no place to lay my weary head.

When I want you woman I always find you gone
Everytime I want you I always find you gone Lord you've gone all time honey
Listen here good mama I'm gonna put your headbreaks on.

Yeah, some like Chicago some love old Memphis Tennessee
Yeah, some like Chicago some love old Memphis Tennessee
And give me sweet Dallas Texas where the women think a world of me
Now here's the dobro.

You may have your troubles I'm having my troubles too
You may have your troubles I'm having my troubles too
Yes I know how it feels when you're feeling so doggone blue.

I'm not singing the blues I'm telling you the hard luck I've had Lord I've had it
I'm not singing the blues I'm telling you the hard luck I've had
Cause the blues ain't nothing but a good man feeling bad.

De yodel le-ee ai-ee yodel e-ee...

// Blue Yodel #6 //

One of these mornings I'm sure gonna leave this town
One of these mornings I'm sure gonna leave this town
'Cause a triflin' woman sure keeps a good man down.

Yes, she left me this morning midnight was turning day
She left me this morning midnight was turning day
I didn't have no blues till my good gal went away.

I got the blues like midnight moon shining bright as day
I got the blues like midnight moon shining bright as day
I wish a tornado would blow my blues away.

Here come them dobro.

It's like in 1930.

When a man is down and out a woman don't want him round
Hey, when a man is down and out a woman don't want him round
But when a man's got money he's the sweetest guy in town.

A woman will follow you right to the jailhouse door
Hey, a woman will follow you right to the jailhouse door
Then she'll laugh and tell you that you can't fuss and fight no more.

I got the blues like midnight moon shining bright as day Lord Lord
I got the blues like midnight moon shining bright as day
I wish a tornado would blow my blues away.

Yodel le-ee yodel le-ee e-ee e-ee...

// Narration #3 //

Jimmie Rodgers had a great affection for the railroads and the men who
ran them and during the years he worked on the roads He spent most of
the time with the New Orleans and Northeastern lines which ran between
his home town of Meridian Mississippi and New Orleans.
And Jimmie became able to talk in the language of the railroaders
Like such expressions as hog-head and hot-box quil ball in the jack skinner
always filled his conversation and he wrote songs about these men and
their language.
The mule skinner was usually a man with a mule who hired himself
And his mule out by the day to do whatever had to be done
He might drag ties and rails or he might just move freshly cut timber from
the right of way the mule skinner was the subject of one of Jimmie
Rodgers's most popular blue yodles...

// Mule Skinner Blues //

Good mornin' Captain good mornin' son
Do you need another mule skinner out on your new wood line
De yodel ei-ee-hee oh le-ee le-ee oh le-ee.

I like to work I'm rollin' all the time
I can carve my initials on your mule's behind
De yodel ei-ee-hee oh le-ee le-ee oh le-ee.

Here comes James Burton on the accustical guitar.

Oh pick it.

Hey, hey, little water boy hey bring your water round
If you don't like your job then set your bucket down
De yodel ei-ee-hee oh le-ee le-ee oh le-ee.

Here's Roy Nichols on the harmonica.

I'm going to town honey what you want me to bring you back
How about a pint of booze and a Johny B Stetson hat
De yodel ei-ee-hee oh le-ee le-ee oh le-ee.

Here's Norman Hamlet.

Hey, I smell your bread a burnin' woman turn your damper down
If you ain't got a damper good gal turn your bread around
Around I said around
De yodel ei-ee-hee oh le-ee le-ee oh le-ee...

// Down The Old Road Home //

Dear I'm thinking of you while here all alone
I'm wishing and longing for you and for home
And I'd give this old world if I could only say
I'm climbing that hill headed that way.

With a troubled mind and a heart filled with pain
I've searched the old world for fortune and fame
But I'm longing to be with you once again
So we could stroll down old mem'ry lane.

There's a little red house on the top of the hill
Not very far from an old sirup mill
For I'm lonesome and blue for some place to roam
And I wish it could be down the old road to home...

// Travelin' Blues //

I had a dream last night I thought my good gal had gone
Well, I woke up this morning she really had done me wrong
Well, I know it's not fair but my good gal has done caught air.

Well, I'm goin' away leavin' today, I'm gonna bring my baby back
If that eight wheel driver don't jump the railroad track
I'll take her from that man I'm gonna bring her home if I can.

My gal's been triflin' round about a week I know
Well, several of my friends done told me so and so
She's been triflin' round but now she has turned him down.

I'm goin' away leavin' today, I'm gonna bring my baby back
If that eight wheel driver don't jump the railroad track
I'll take her from that man I'm gonna bring her home if I can.

Now pickin' blues one time.

It's true my baby's gone I know it won't be long
We'll both be on that train my baby's coming home again
She's found a new man but now she can't understand.

That I'm goin' away leavin' today, I'm gonna bring my baby back
If that eight wheel driver don't jump the railroad track
I'll take her from that man I'm gonna bring her home if I can.

Here we go yodel one time...

// Frankie And Johnny //

Frankie and Johnny were sweethearts oh Lordy how they could love
Swore to be true to each other true as the stars above
He was her man but he was doin' her wrong.

Frankie went down to the corner just for a bucket of beer
She said oh Mr Bartender has my lovin' Johnny been here
He is my man he wadn't doin' me wrong.

Hey I don't want cause you no trouble ain't gonna tell you no lies
I saw your lover an hour ago with a gal named Nellie Blie
He was your man but he has done you wrong.

Here come now.

Hey Frankie looked over in transom and she saw to her susrprice
There on the cab sat Johnny makin' love to Nellie Blie
He is my man but he's doin' me wrong.

Frankie drew back to comoda she took out her old 44
And rutty toooo tooo three times throughout that hardwood door
She shot her man cause he was doin' her wrong.

Here comes one more time.

Hey bring out the rubber tied hearses and bring out the rubber tied hatch
She'd taken her man through the graveyard and she ain't a gonna bring
him back
Lord he was her man and he was doin' her wrong.

Bring out a thousand policemen bring 'em around today
And locked her down in the dungeon and threw that key away
She shot her may cause he was doin' her wrong.

Hey Frankie said to the warden what are you going to do
And the warden said to Frankie it's a electric chair for you
You shot your man cause he was doin' you wrong.

Hey this story has no moral this story has no end
The only thing this story goes to show is a ain't no good in man
He was her man and he was doin' her wong...

// No Hard Times //

I got a barrel of flour Lord I got a bucket of lard
I got a barrel of flour Lord I got a bucket of lard
I ain't got no blues got chickens in my backyard.

Got corn in my crib cotton growin' in my patch
I got corn in my crib cotton growin' in my patch
I got that old hen a sittin' waitin' for that old hen to hatch
Yodel lyee-oh hard time blues.

I'm gonna hitch up my mule and take a holt of my line
I'm gonna hitch up my mule and take a holt of my line
I can't be bothered with all those old hard times.

Oh, go ahead and pick one now.

I'm gonna build me a shanty Lord I'm gonna settle down
I'm gonna build me a shanty Lord I'm gonna settle down
Get me a corn fed mama and Lordy quit a runnin round.

Here he comes.

I can make more money with my pick and plow
I can make more money with my pick and plow
With my one-eyed mule and my good ole Jersey cow.

Yodel lyee-oh hard time blues...

// Narration #4 //

The hobo is a reocurring subject in the Jimmie Rodgers songs
Hoboing was an accepted form of travel for the migrant worker
Or for the unemployed who simply wanted a change of weather
And during the period of Jimmie's greatest popularity
You could set your watch by the highbawl of any train
Hoboing was an inexpensive almost sure way of getting from one place to
another and during the peak of the depression it was not unusual to see
Oh half a hundred bo's jump from a train just as it came into the outskirts
of a city. They'd jump off a soon as they could so as to ditch the trainbulls
of the oncoming yard. But many quite respectable men find it convenient to
hop trains also and many of them died identified only as a railroad bum
And I would imagine that hobo Bill was one of them...

// Hobo Bill's Last Ride //

Riding on the eastbound freight train speeding through the night
Hobo Bill the railroad bum was fighting for his life
And the sadness of his eyes revealed the torture of his soul
He raised a weak and weary hand to brush away the coal.

No warm lights flickered round him no blankets there to hold
Nothing but the howling wind the driving rain so cold
When he heard a whistle blowing in a dreamy kind of way
The hobo seemed contented for he smile there where he lay.
Hey ho-bo Bill.

Outside the rain was falling on the lonely boxcar door
But the little form of Hobo Bill lay dead upon the floor
While the train sped through the darkness with the raging storm outside
No one knew that Hobo Bill was taking his last ride
Hey ho-bo Bill...

// My Old Pal //

I'm thinking of you tonight old pal
And wishing that you were here
I'm dreaming of the time and the days gone by
When you filled my heart with cheer.

I remember the nights when all alone
We sang Sweet Adoline
No other face can take your place
In my heart old pal of mine.

Now the old pals are always the best you see
New friends you can find every day
But they can't fill their places or ever be
Like the old pals of yesterday.

I'm wondering just where you are tonight
And if you ever think of me
It would make my weary heart so light sweetheart
Your face again to see.

I remember the nights when all alone
We sang Sweet Adoline
No other face can take your place
In my heart old pal of mine.

Now the old pals are always the best you see
New friends you can find every day
But they can't fill their places or ever be
Like the old pals of yesterday...

// Nobody Knows But Me //

Nobody knows about the jailhouse blues till you get within four walls
The jailerman turns that big black key that's when your spirit falls
You drag yourself up to the bars and while you gaze out at the stars
This is what you'll say.

Hey why did I stray from the rightous path, nobody knows but me
There on the outside you all can laugh but I don't need your sympathy
For after I've paid for the liquor I've stole
I'll leave this place worth my weight in gold
So why did I stray from the rightous path nobody knows but me.

When you realize that you're all alone seated in a two-by-four
That little cell is just a taste of hell if you ain't been there before
Well you're locked up tight but they treat you fair
You get everything that you need in there
That's just why you'll say.

Well, why did I stray from the rightous path, nobody knows but me
There on the outside you all can laugh but I don't need your sympathy
For after I've paid for the liquor I've stole
I'll leave this place worth my weight in gold
So why did I stray from the rightous path nobody knows but me.

Nobody knows but me...

// Narration #5 //

Jimmie Rodgers knew when the time was near
But he still had a lotta songs he wanted to record
So he made arrangements to go from his home in Texas to Galveston and
then on farther by boat. And he left the boat someplace on the east coast
and continued on to New York by train. But by the time he arrived in New
York City he was so weakend by tuberculosis. It was necessary for him to
have a cot in the recording studio so that he might rest in between songs.
Amazingly his voice tho weak never broke while recording his last twelve
numbers Jimmie Rodgers used his last bit of strength for recording
He died in a hotel in New York City on the night of May 26, 1933
His railroad buddies paid Jimmie Rodgers his last homage
The engineer of the train upon which his body was placed pulled his quill
down to a sad low moan and this sound was maintained all the way to
Mississippi. His fans gathered at small whistle stops all along the route all
the way to Meridian. Jimmie Rodgers rests today in Meridian Mississippi
In the shadow of the great locomotive he loved and sang of so well...
The blue yodler has been gone almost 40 years
But he left us one of the greatest legacies in country music

// The Women Make A Fool Out Of Me //

I love the women I love 'em all the same
I love the women I love 'em all the same
But I don't love nobody well enough to change her name
The women make a fool out of me.

Hey my papa scolded me my mama she sat and cried
Yeah oh my papa scolded me my mama she sat and cried
I got too many women for any little boy my size
Yeah the women make a fool out of me.

When I'm in the parlor the girls think it's a treat
Yeah when I'm in the parlor the girls think it's a treat
Cause even in the winter time they turn off the heat hey
Women make a fool out of me.

Yeah I love the women Lord I love 'em all the same
I love the women I love 'em all the same
But I don't love nobody well enough to change her name
Here we go
The women make a fool out of me...

