Album: OoohSoGoodNBlues

// Little Red Hen Blues //

Well, li'l red hen said to li'l red rooster
You don't come round here much as you used to
Now, hone,y you long gone
Baby, you long gone, oh, you long gone
Just like a turkey through the corn

Ole grey mule said to the ole grey hen
Honey, now tell me where that rooster of yours have been
She said, he long gone, say, he long gone, oh, he long gone
Baby, like a turkey through the corn

Oh, that sweet gray goat say to that ole fat mule
You know people 'round here been talkin', tellin' me that you a fool
But they long gone, yes, they long gone, oh, they long gone
Honey, like a turkey through the corn

I been up North and I been down South an' I been to the Cas
I like the West and South the best
An I'll be long gone, yes, I'm long gone, I'm long gone
Honey, like a turkey through the corn

Tell me, baby, what's on your mind
I can see by your eyes that you ain't been cryin'
An' I been long gone, I been long gone, I been long gone
Honey, like a turkey through the corn

How you know the men don't like me 'cause I speak my mind
And the women crazy 'bout me 'cause I take my time
An I'm long gone, honey, I'm long gone, I'm long gone
Baby, just like a turkey through the corn

Well, li'l red hen said to li'l red rooster
You don't come round here much as you used to
Now, hone,y you long gone
Baby, you long gone, oh, you long gone
Just like a turkey through the corn

Well, you can take my potatoes up out that ground
Can put 'em in my oven, turn your damper down
Mama, now you know I'm long gone, honey, I'm long gone
I'm long gone, baby, like a turkey through the corn

// Frankie & Albert //

Frankie an' Albert was sweethearts
Lordy how they could love
Vowed to love one another
Baby 'neath the stars above
It was her man... an' he was doin' her wrong

Frankie went down to da' bar room
Get herself a bucket a beer
Say hey to da' lone bartender
Say hey has my lovely man been here?
It was my man... an' he was doin' me wrong

Bartender say "Miss Frankie, huh
Honey I can't tell ya' no lie
He lef' here 'bout an' hour ago
With that hussy named Nelly Blye"
It was yo' man... an' he was doin' you wrong

Frankie she cried, she cried, she cried
Lordy, what have I done?
I done give my love to dis man
He done took my love an' run
It was my man... an' he was doin' me wrong

Albert saw Frankie comin', He say
Oh Lord baby, don't you shoot
Well you know, out from under that red kimono
The gun went rootie toot toot
She shot that man... cause he was doin' her wrong

Boo Hoo! Boo Hoo! Boo Hoo! Boo Hoo!
Frankie say baby what have I done?
You know I shot the only man I loved
A Colt forty-one
It was my man... an' he was doin' me wrong

Play it for a while...

High Sheriff come clippety, clippety, clippety, clippety
Clippety, clippety, clippety the trail
I say look here Frankie I'm gon' tell ya'
You done shot yo' man
I'm gon' hafta' put cha in da' county jail
Talkin' 'bout that man... an' he was doin' her wrong

Frankie she laid in da' jail house
Now ya' know there ain't no one to go her bail
But 'cha know big Jim say honey
"I'm workin' on you, try to get you outta that jail"
Tell about yo' man...'cause he was doin' you wrong

An' our story go on...

Frankie an' Albert was sweethearts
Lordy how they could love
Vowed to love one another
Underneath the stars above
Talkin' 'bout that man... an' he was doin' her wrong

// Built For Comfort //

Some folk built like this, some folk built like that
But the way I'm built, don't you call me fat
Because I'm built for comfort, I ain't built for speed
But I got everything all the good girl need

Some folk rip and run, some folk believe in signs
But if you want me, baby you got to take your time
Because I'm built for comfort, I ain't built for speed
But I got everything all the good girl need

I ain't have no diamond, I ain't have no gold
But I do have lovin' to satisfy your soul
Because I'm built for comfort, I ain't built for speed
But I got everything all you good women need

