Album: LethalInjection

// The Shot (Intro) //

[phones ringing, babies crying]
[white guy:] Hi how ya doin' ?
[nurse:] Doctor's office, could you hold please? Yes sir can I help you?
[white guy:] Yes I have a four o'clock appointment, I'm here to get my shot.
[nurse:] Okay, come right with me.
[white guy:] This isn't gonna take too long is it?
[nurse:] Here we are, here have a seat right here.
[white guy:] Oh great, thanks, thanks.
[nurse:] The doctor will be right with you, and can I get you anything?
[white guy:] Uhh maybe a glass of water would be great.
[nurse:] Okay great.
[door shuts]
[white guy:] Damn, what is taking so long?
[door creaks open, funky music in the backround]
[doctor Ice Cube:] Yo wussup?
[white guy:] Hi how ya doin' ?
[doctor Ice Cube:] Alright, let's see what we got here uhh, Mr. White huh?
[white guy:] Yes sir that's me.
[doctor Ice Cube:] heh, I heard you don't like shots do ya?
[white guy:] No I sure don't.
[doctor Ice Cube:] Aww you're a big boy uhh this won't hurt a bit,

jus' uhh turn your head...
[white guy:] Let's get this over with.
[doctor Ice Cube:] yeah uhh, rub a little alcohol on there, right here,

for you, and uhh brace yourself!

[click]
[BANG!]

// Really Doe //

[GUN SHOT]

"Ain't nobody talkin when I'm talkin fellas so shut the fuck up!"

[Slick Rick sample repeats in background:]

"And who the fuck are you?"
[Ice Cube]

Ohh.. steppin up in my motherfuckin uhh..

Chuck Taylors, Knick kickers, Wallabee's, ??

On my ass I got the umm.. um.. khakis, 501's

On my back I got the uhh.. sweatshirt

You know, with the fat three creases

Uhh, my t-shirt, Slingshot, uhh.. khaki shirt

Umm, and I got the K-cutter, in my, in my pocket

Uhh, got the afro, the braids

Motherfuckin uhh, rollers

"You got to believe, somethin.."

And I just ask my motherfuckin self, uhh

"I got to believe in me.."

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

[Ice Cube]

To G or not to G, is the question

And like Smith told Wesson

I'm shady with the .380 old school diploma

I'll leave that ass in a coma, so

If you got a herringbone, _Welcome to the Terrordome_

Two-eleven, sorry Reverend

Oh my god, gettin robbed

Reach for the small, "Atomic Dog"

Hard to swallow, janky as Rollo

Count to ten, and don't try to follow

Cause just like Waco, I can take fo' --

-- ATF, to they death

Bust a left on Western, go and get a room

Don't want to be a felon like Stacey Koon

Get the right bitch, hit the light switch, here we go

Tap that ass like this - really doe


"You got to believe, somethin.."

West Side Lench Mob

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

Cause I'm a mother-fuckin..

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

[Ice Cube]

Thirty in a holdin tank, catch the vapors

Make me a pillow out of toilet paper

Concrete bench kickin off the hemorrhoids

Ese's deep, don't fuck with dem boys

Phone check, co-llect call from the baller

Her mama said please don't call her

Do-Wah-Diddy, far from +New Jack City+

Seen one of my peers, "What the fuck you doin in here?"

He said, "One-eighty-seven on the enemy"

And they treat me like I just shot a Kennedy!

Deputy bitch thinks she's the Queen Bee

Ink on my thumb, index, and pinky

"Sir, what set you from?"  Play dumb

"General popu-la-tion"

Mama put your house up, and I can bounce up

out this motherfucker, that's why I love ya

Out like a boss, with a half-pint of sauce

Got the shit sewed up like Betsy Ross

What a friend know?  Buy some indo

Never fuck with a silly ho - really doe


"You got to believe, somethin.."

Really doe, bitch

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

God damn I'm a motherfuckin G

"You got to believe, somethin.."

Yup, that's right

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

God damn I'm a..

{"And who the fuck are you?"}


Knock you out like NyQuil, I'll kill you quick

You sucker-for-love-ass trick

So don't run up, wit ya gun up

Cause I got the back breaker, double pump rump shaker

Cause we can play hookie in the _Aqua Boogie_

With concrete Nikes, ya gets no stripes

Livin unforgiven with the mic on

And punks runnin like roaches with the light on

And that's all the shit I'm startin

Bust a cap (ka-kow-POW) like Jerome on Martin

You lookin for a punk with benefits

cause you got a baby, that take many shits

And you know I got a grip like a baby on a tit

Scopin hopin, thighs open

But I kick back, six-pack, and hit the Phillie slow

Hooker hoe - really doe


"You got to believe, somethin.."

Ice Cube, yup

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

God damn I'm a motherfuckin G

"You got to believe, somethin.."

Really doe - West Side

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

Motherfuckin O, motherfuckin G

"You got to believe, somethin.."

East Side

"I got to believe in me.."

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

"You got to believe, somethin.."

South.. Side

"I got to believe in me.."

Cause I'm a motherfuckin G

G, G, G, motherfuckin G

"You got to believe, somethin.."

North Side

"I got to believe in me.."

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

"You got to believe, somethin.."

"I got to believe in me.."

{"And who the fuck are you?"}

// Ghetto Bird //

[Verse One:]


Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood

like everybody from the hood is up to no good.

You think all the girls around here are trickin

up there lookin like Superchicken

At night I see your light through my bedroom window

But I ain't got shit but the pad and pencil

I can't wait till I hear you say 

"I'm going down, mayday, mayday."  I'm gonna clown

Cause everytime that the pigs have got me

y'all rub it in with the flying Nazi

military force, but we don't want ya

Standin' on my roof with the rocket launcher

"So fly like an eagle."

But don't follow us wherever we go

The shit that I'm saying, make it's heard

Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird


"Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird" [2x]

[Verse Two:]


Now..

My homey's here to lick on a trick for a Rolex

And let me try the four next

Now the four I was driving was hotter than july

looked up and didn't see it whippin' in the sky

Saw a chopper with numbers on the bottom

"Calling all cars, I think we've got em."

I hit the gas and I mashed past Inglewood

I think I drove through every single hood

South Central, Compton and Watts

Long Beach, bust a U, here come the cops

Wish I had a genie with about three wishes

Metal flake green on D's I look suspicious

You know that I'm running

Shit, I hear it humming

Fuck, I see it coming

Is it a bird? Yup

Is it a plane? No

I hit me a right on El Segundo

Wanted to holla, had to ditch the Impala

Let's see if they would folla

Me, hit a fence, hit a fence, and another

met me a baby pitbull and his mother

Ran up in some peoples house and looked out of the window

I wish it was my ten-four

had to pull a strap on a fool named Louis the Third

cuz I'm getting chased by the ghetto bird


"Just put his hat, ehrrr, he combed his hair and then put his hat back

on. Errr, he's acting nonchalant up there in that cockpit, going 115 

miles an hour, with the police chasing him. Ehm, they're not gonna be

real happy when they catch up with him, no matter what, the eh...

Ehrr, they hate, they hate a bigmouth even worse."

[Verse Three:]


Officer Bird's on his way, and I don't wanna see him

could you please give me the keys to the B.M.?

See, I didn't want to gank you

but don't make me bank you, thank you

Tried to get yo the hood, and you might guess

that a fool like me woulda shot Cyrus 

Incognito, Ghetto Eagle

Saying, "Fuck, where did he go?"

I bust me a left from Rubellon.  Park

The 735 and I'm bailin

Went to my homegirl's house and got a hug man,

She helped me run like Harriet Tubman

Looked out the window by the black bed

I saw the pigs and the four on a flatbed

Then the light from the bird hit me in the face

I close the blinds cause I didn't wanna catch a case

All that night, I heard the bird circle

while I was eating fish and watching Urkel

She said I could sleep on the couch

By two A.M. I was digging her out

Fuck the ghetto bird


"Which way is he going now?"

"Ok, now..now he's..he's actually southbound..on a service street..

and, uh...Gee whiz, uh, I'm gonna get my maps out here and figure

out which service srteet he suddelny turned off on.  Uh, the sherriffs

are..are...well I know that...Sherriffs ground units got thrown off"


Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird

// You Know How We Do It //

[Ice Cube]

Yeah... yeah!  

Fool -- you know how we do it


West Side

Comin from the West Side

Nothin but the West Side


Ain't nuttin goin on but the bomb-ass rap song

Hittin all night long

Just like me on the black and white ivory

Gettin six on artillery, you don't want to see a G

Break yo' ass like dishes

Buster-ass tricks, sleep with the fishes

Runnin from Lennox, up at Venice

They wanna have me in stripes, like Dennis the Menace

But that ain't poppin, ain't no stoppin

Fo'-hoppin, ass droppin, Coupe DeVille

My truth can, ill - fool I got skills

So, back on up 'fore I check that chin

Down as fuck and I'm full off Henn'

You gets no love and I thought you knew it

Fool, you know how we do it


Comin from the West Side

West Side, comin from the West Side

[Ice Cube]

Chillin with the homies, smellin the bud

Double parked and I'm talkin to Dub

about who got a plan, who got a plot

whom got got, and who got shot

Cause everybody knows that he got the info

Crazy Toones hangin out the window

Fool I got them bomb-ass tapes

Da Lench Mob, _Planet of the Apes_

I'm down with Eiht, and _Watts Up_

Kam is solo, they got nuts

When Ice Cube write a sentence

I want "The Bomb," just like George Clinton

S-K-D is down to catch a body

Put on _Knee Deep_, we'll turn out your party

You gets no love and I thought you knew it

Fool, you know how we do it


You know how we do it

[Ice Cube]

Jack B. Nimble, and Jack B. Quick

if you wanna jack me on a lick, cause

I'm that fool from South Central

You think you stuck yourself, with a number 2 pencil

That's how I poke hot lead in yo' ass

With "Mo' Bounce to the Ounce" in the dash

Mash up, Ve-nice, headed for the West 

Everything is great, slow down for the dip

On a 100 and 8th and keep mashin

Don't drink and drive to keep the fo' from crashin

Stashin a glock and I thought you knew it

You know how we do it


Comin from the West Side, West Side

Nuttin but a West Side

It's hittin on the West Side

Fool, you know how we do it

// Cave Bitch //

[Intro: Dr. Khalid Muhammed]


Give me a black goddess sister I can't resist her.  No stringy haired, blonde

hair, blue eyed, pale skinned buttermilk complexion.  Grafted, recessive,

depressive, ironing board backside straight up and straight down.  No

frills, no thrills, Miss six o'clock, subject to have the itch, mutanoid,

caucazoid, white cave bitch...

[Verse One: Ice Cube]


Ease back white bitch, I don't play that

Just because I got on my L.A. hat

Stalkin' walking in my big black boots

Is my jingle, now you want Mandingo

Big, black and handsome

I should hold your devil ass for ransome

Sorta like Patty Herst, but I'll burst first bitch

And you know what's worse

I'm coming from the land where the choppers roam

So phuck you bitch and your Coppertone

Stringy hair - no derrier - frontin' and fakin' with your silicone pair

Do I wanna phuck?  Not hardly

That's kinda like Barbie phuckin' Bob Marley

It ain't gonna happen, I keep rappin'

Muthaphuck Teniell, but see I'm the Captain of this ship

And I'm true to the game

Ya all look the same

Standin' by my backstage door, hopin' that'll switch

Spread out you little cave bitch

[Verse Two: Ice Cube]


Why everytime we get famous

You wanna play us like Andy and Amos?

The devil sent you to try and tame us

But you can't tame me, with no bitch named Amy

Lookin' for the dark meat

But ho, I ain't tryin' to go out like Barkely

Cuz everytime I turn on the TV

I see several brothers with she-devils

Smilin' cuz you out on a date

But sooner or later, the bitch'll yell rape

Soon as daddy found out you a jigaboo

He'll kill like he did Emmitt Till

Yah, he tried to kick bass

But the bitch probably threw it in his face

Sargent Bale ain't nothin' but a trick

Nasty as hell, stanky little cave bitch

[Verse Three:]


Now don't think that I hate you

Cuz I won't date you, bitch I gotta stay true

You can be a fan, but don't expand

And try to get my dick in your hand

You better run to the minute man

Pale as snow, so act like y'know

Cuz if I slap it, flip it, and rub it like that

Yeah, it gotta be black

Plus yo ass too flat

I need a butt big enough that can clap

Rat-a-tat-tat

You can't get mine ho

I'd rather phuck an albino

Atleast I know, she's comin' from the Nubian

And not the Ku Klux Klan that you be in

And I don't give a fuck if your family is rich

You're still a little cave bitch

// Bop Gun (One Nation) //

At these up late times, hardcore funkateers before the bop gun.  

We unleash you a positive light.  The bop gun can do you no harm.

It frees yo mind, so yo kind can follow.  (Yeahhh.)


So wide you can't get around it

So low you can't get under it

So high you can't get over it

IIIIIIII, can't get over it

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Well all right!  

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Attention all radio station jocks ...

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

haw haw, got to be groovin' jammin' on yo box.

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

The Mothership Connection is upon you again.

Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit

Yeah, workin' up a sweat, is it wet yet?

Ready or not, here we come

Getting down for the one which we believe in

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]

1993, much more ba-e-ya-e-younce

Ice Cube comin' with the half ounce

Not Just Knee Deep, jeep fulla smog

A, To, mic, Dog

Like ya behind, heard it through the grapevine

How much longer will you be mine?

And I'ma tell ya, I don't like drama

So do I have to put my handcuffs on your mama

'Cause Bertha Butt did her fuckin' boogie with her crew

But I'd rather fuck you, boo

And make you say humdrum, tweedee dum

Humdrum don't succumb when I'm done, buckin' shit

One nation under a groove gettin down for the fuck of it

Tear the roof of this motherfucker like we did last night, son

And hit you with the bop gun

[George Clinton]

Here's my chance to dance my way

Out of my constriction

Gonna be freakin' up and down

Hang up really late

The groove I only got

We shall all be moved

Ready or not, here we come

Gettin down for the one which we believe in

One nation under a groove

Gettin down just for the funk of it

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now


{Yeah.}

Dance, sucka, dance!


{Yeah, heh heh.  And it don't stop.  Sheeeit.}


Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for

Aw, feet don't fail me now!  Ha ha!

Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for

Do you promise the funk {yep}, the whole funk, 

Nothin but the funk?

{Hit you with the bop gun, heh,

Buss a cap with my bop gun, 

Gotta hit you with the bop gun,

Buss a cap with the bop gun, hit you with the bop gun, 

Buss a cap with the bop gun, heh, 'cause I'm the top gun...}

Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep, come on}

Ready or not, here we come

Gettin down on the one which we believe in

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]

If you hear any noise, it's just me and the boys

Playin with our toys

M-1, cuz everybody's gotta have fun

Under the sun, under the sun

So rough, so tough when I get down

The disco fiend with the monster sound

I wants to get fucked up when I'm chillin', whoa

The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill-in

You let her funk me 'cause my funk is the best

Comin from the West

Kickin that shit be occupied, dedicated to the preservation motion of hips

Hittin them dips, cd skips but I'm straight

As I bounce, rock, skate, now I'll toast to that

If it's rough, make the girls say 

"Do that stuff! Aw, do that stuff!"

But ya got to be, you got to be a freak of the week

For the top gun, hit you with the bop gun


One nation under a groove

Gettin down just for the funk of it

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

{Trick!  Yeeah!} Jus hit 'em with the bop gun!

One nation under a groove {heh}

Gettin down just for the funk of it

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

{Get up with the bop gun...}

One nation under a groove ('bout time we got down, one time)

Gettin down just for {the fuck of it, yeahh}

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

One nation under a groove (now everybody say)

Gettin down just for the funk of it

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

Here's my chance to dance my way

Out of my constriction

Feet don't fail me now!  Ha ha!

{Get 'em with the bop gun...

I'm a' blast with the bop gun ... heh heh ...

On yo ass with the  with the bop gun ...

I'm talkin' trash with the bop gun ... yeah

And it don't stop

And it won't stop}

Here's my chance to dance my wayyy,

Out of my constriction

(Yeahhh, feel the shit now!)

{Oh shit}


... hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there!>

Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there!> {Oh yeah}

Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there!>

Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there, nigga!>

Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there!>

Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!

<Party over here fuck you over there!>


Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for

Feet don't fail me now

(That's right!)

Do you promise the funk

Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for

Ooo, feet don't fail me now .... 

Can I get it on my good foot, good gawd ... 

'Bout time I got down one time

(Can I get down one time)

[Ice Cube]

Do not attempt to adjust your radio

There ain't nothin' wrong, so hit the bong

Waitin' on the double dutch bus for a ride

As the buffalo bitch go round the outside

Put a glide in your stride and a dip in your hip

Got Daytons on the mothership

And you can ring my bell if you need me to pass

The dutchie on the left hand side for the sale

Cuz nobody knows where the nose goes when the doors close 

Dog chow got the hoes

Lookin' for the theme from the Black Hole

Now I'll big bang you with my black pole

Flashlight, red light, we don't like cops on the bike

Just made bail, tonight

So whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?

I'm gonna have some fun with the bop gun


(Ready or not, here we come

Getting down on the one which we believe in)

One nation under a groove 

(Here is my chance to dance my wayyy)

Gettin down just for the funk of it (One Nationnnn)

One nation and we're on the move

(Get it on my good foot, good gawd)

Nothin can stop us now

(Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee)

One nation under a groove 

Gettin down just for the funk of it

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

(Now I want everybody to put together this time ... hit me!)

One nation under a groove 

(Can I get it on my good foot)

Gettin down just for the funk of it

(Bout time I got down one time)

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

(Uh huh, uh huh, one nation)

One nation under a groove 

(Can I get it on my good foot)

Gettin down just for the funk of it

(Bout time I got down one time)

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

One nation under a groove (Ooh yeah)

Gettin down just for the funk of it (Ooh yeah)

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us now

(Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee)

One nation under a groove 

Gettin down just for the funk of it

(Bout time I got down one time)

One nation and we're on the move

Nothin can stop us nowwwwww.

// What Can I Do? //

[Intro: sampled announcer]


In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures

But in this country, society itself is failing.

[Verse One:]


Today, how you like me now, I'm in the mix?

It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota

Got the baking soda, let the water boil, workers all loyal

Dropped out the twelveth

Cuz my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees

Now I slang keys

Infest my hood with crack, cuz I'm the mack

Take a nation of millions to hold me back

Too big for my britches, and I got bitches

Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches

Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5

'89s the number, another summer

Police ain't get no dumber

Streets dried up, used to think it would last

But being a king-pin is a thing of the past

They tried to blast me for selling a boulder

Now I got my ass in Minnesota

Got my own crew, it's on brand new


Damn, what can I do?


Today...

[Verse Two:]


Already done stack me half a mill ticket

Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it

Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz

Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome

Police are tappin' my mobile phone

I'm almost home

Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it

Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest

And everything I own got repossessed

Now take a look at the dust

And I'm happy cuz I only got 36 months

Never picked up a book

But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look

Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew

And see, what can I do?


Today...

[Verse Three:]


Phucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo

Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough

Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch

So where to work at, and niggas smirk at

Me say ain't nuttin' poppin from here to the LB

What you tell me?

No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe

Cuz, they sent in the troops

Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle

Takin' niggas sh*t in a tussle

No skills to pay the bills

Takin' 'bout education to battle inflashion

No college degree, just a dumb ass G

(Yeah you Nigga, who me?)

I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess

Have you ever been convicted of a felony?  Yes

Took some advice from my Uncle Fester

All dressed up in polyester

Welcome to McDonalds may I please help you?

sh*t, what can I do?


Today...

[Outro:]


The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa.

But he'll put you in the state penitentary, he'll put you in the federal

penitentary for breaking these same laws.  Now we gonna look and see if

this muthaphucker is guilty for the laws he'll put you in jail for :


Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand

larceny, rape, racketering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion,

aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing,

embezzelment, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing

a firearm, carrying a conceled weapon, breaking and entering, and

premeditated cold-blooded murder.


Guilty on every charge.

// Lil Ass Gee //

Look at that lil' ass Westside doped out
insane-in-the-brain little nigga servin caine
Use to have to ask could he cross the street
now he's rollin in a Gee, the Gee is on E
He's quick to hit you up with the two fingers spreaded (Wassup?)
Don't roll that shit (Wassup?) and hold that shit (Wassup?)
Now you know what fuckin set he's claimin
A wild little nigga and it ain't no tamin
And just when you think everything is calm
that motherfucker is the first to bum
like bang, ping, catch you with the sleeper
He'll draw down and then check his beeper
He's clockin them chicks and bucks
Gettin, his little dick sucked by the, clucks
And will he do dirt? Fool oh please
Little locs are harder then the OGz
You fall to the ground and beg please
Just got served by little niggas on the 10-speed
12 years old, got bumps they can't keep
A straight killer, a fool, a lil ass gee.....

God damn, it's a trick
Use to have the G.I.Joe with the kung-fu grip
Now he's straight Crip, or Blood
Now ya sag, you use the blunt
Now ya known as the favorite groupie
Goin to camp and it ain't Camp Snoopy (Wassup?)
But I ain't surprised
It's 12 months later, year, I see you got a little size
You motherfuckin crook
You want respect cos you didn't get'cha manhood took
Drinkin that 'yac like it's no tomorr-y
Westside hustler fucker-tory
In the jail and it ain't no thang
Can't wait til you get 22's on the hang (Uhh)
An underage boy that's lookin tossed
And that's ya idea of who you hide
All you want for Christmas is guns and drinkers
Little nigga nuttier than a Snicker
You don't wanna be like Mike, you wanna be like me
A fool, a killer, a lil ass gee......

[Interlude: (two sampled guys talking)]

See, I knew it wouldn't be long
They got your ass stretched like Stretch Armstrong
In the one-man cell, it got'cha thinkin
Sendin more kites than Benjamin Franklin
20 years old but ya still a veteran
Won't touch down til we're livin like the Jetsons
Proud of ya self, because ya done done it
Gotcha 22's and your name on your stomach
Never even think about a woman to fuck
Rather standin' in line to bust the ass of a young buck
Got stuck, now you're bleedin
Hospital ward, is got your reading
Learn about the knowledge of self deceit
that ya mad enough to go and stick the death to these
See, it ain't about bein hard
But that's whatcha tell the little homies in the yard
Ya already done did 10
and wish you could start all over again
Brand new inmates and who do ya see
Your baby brother in shackles, a fool, a lil ass gee.....

A fool, a lil ass gee
Yo this go out to the little hardhead homies
who probably gon' see more, ahh, assholes than pussyholes
when they get you in that system

// Make It Ruff, Make It Smooth //

[Intro: K-Dee, Ice Cube]


hey yo cube

MAKE IT RUFF

cube check it out

whassup?

yo this bitch was suckin my dick, you know what i told her?

what?

make the music with ya mouth biiiyaaatch!

hahahaha, baby baby!

hahah ya like that

MAKE IT RUFF

naw, make it smooth

[Verse One: Ice Cube, K-Dee]


i make niggas say 'woof' cos i'm in the coupe with no roof

ya smell like somethin 90-proof

cos i'm ruff, and nigga you can buck these nuts

if you comin with that smooth shit, hard core rules shit

i make the hoes say 'hay' each and every day

bitch cos i'm the k-dee, no i'm not a g

mothafuckin wannabe mack

but i'm smooth like that

i gots ta buck...you...right on up, punk you lucky that cha livin

cos i'm the unforgiven; i like power, ain't a damn thing funny

i like pussy and money

and i won't slam like onyx or never ever stutter

but i'm b-b-butter;

leader of the new school, you hard core fool!

nigga make it ruff! 

make it smooth!

<and i'm here>

MAKE IT RUFF 

naw, make it smooth.

[Verse Two: K-Dee, Ice Cube]

[K-Dee]

you can lick me up and down till i yell stop!

damn bitch ya missed a drop...cos i don't play when i sway

it's the quicker picker upper;

a pro that moves slow before this hoe i'm quick

to dump her; so eeny-meeny-miney-mo, where's my dough?

i gots ta make a livin, i out ta get mo; 

money, and got more nuts for ya honey; so

come and break me off, this nigga's walkin soft; 

it's the smoothness that make niggas move to this; 

for you ruffnecks, i'll check you with my tool and shit; 

don't sweat 'em, just let 'em play that hardcore

role; we still cool, but just make it smooth...

[Ice Cube]

you know what, it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder

how i keep from goin under, i'm chocolate thunder;

ruff as sin, cuts on ya skin

and i blend with the tracks, see i'm black

k-dee is the mack; matter fact

niggas hit me up with the c's and b's

but you don't wanna fuck wit these

cos i'll put 'em on ya

and we'll have to wake ya mothafuckin ass up with ammonia

cos hardcore rap is always on the map and it don't stop

devoid of pop; and if i drop another smooth hit

it'll still be hard, cos i helped start this shit;


so make it ruff 

naw make it smooth!

make it ruff! 

make it smooth!!

make it ruff! 

make it smooth!!

MAKE IT RUFF


..naw...make it smooth.

MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF


naw, make it smooth.

[Verse Three: Ice Cube, K-Dee]


i hate when niggas get too fuckin sexy on the track, i'm pro black.

well i'm a pro-mack.

i like hittin switches.

i love hittin bitches, cos i'm a player.

hard rhyme sayer!

i thought you knew, but ain't no thang, you knew the way i swang;

creepin, ain't no sleepin, ain't a damn thing changed; i hit hoe after

hoe with this laid-back shit.

fool, i kill at will and still can fade that shit; cos it's the

predator, i edit(?) her, so nigga watch yo step!

you in a gang like starr, tryina get a rep!

it ain't no sweat for me to buck buck nigga don't give a fuck; you

better duck duck or get your ass stuck stuck!

don't let the smooth shit fool ya, cos i can get it on; cos i be

breakin bones like dragonfly jones; quick to put em on ya.

don't make me act a fool!  nigga, make it ruff!

make it smooth!

<and i'm in here...>


MAKE IT RUFF

make it ruff 

make it smooth


MAKE- MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF

...make it ruff 

make it smooth!


MAKE IT RUFF

ice cube's up in this motherfucker

k-dee's up in this motherfucker


MAKE IT RUFF 

naw make it smooth.


MAKE IT RUFF 

naw, make it smooth!


MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF 


MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF 

naw make it smooth.


MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF 

naw, make it smooth.


naw, naw, make it smooth


naw, make it smooth

// Down For Whatever //

[Intro]

Damn.
I'm broke.
My feet hurt.
(Inside the mind of a car jacker)
And that bitch is slippin.
It makes me wanna..creep.
It makes me wanna..creep.

[Verse One]

Damn, I'm such a G it's pathetic
Here comes the big-headed
Nigga that's dippin
Sippin on Courvoisier
Goddamn I must havta floss today
Now pimpin aint easy but it's necessary
So I'm chasin bitches like Tom chased Jerry
I'll put the pedal to the flo-uh
In my two-tone Ford Explo-uh
You know how it's done
Sounds bumpin
Ain't that sumthin?
Jumped on the 110
She's flyin in the Blazer
Like "Go Speed Racer"
But I ain't gonna chase her
Like Racer X
But I won't flex
Til it's time to have sex
So when you wanna get togetha?
Cause you know a nigga like me
Is down for whatever

And I'm down for whatever

[Verse Two]

When I was little I didn't wanna be like Mike
I wanted to be like Ike
Cause
Papa Was A Rolling Stone in the sixties
And he liked green like Bill Bixby
Told me that my best friend was a ten and a twenty
Pokets never skinny
Played let's get it on in the living room
and when he got drunk you better give him room
Cause he'll turn the party out sayin, "This is MY muthafuckin house"
And y'all gots to go
Through the door
And if you can't find the door
He'll help you with the four-four
Talkin much shit on the grass
And straight down to blast
I'm still in my p.j.'s
He's in a turtleneck sweater
And we down for whatever

And I'm down
Solid Pro is down for whatever
The Don Jaguar is down for whatever
And it don't seem to stop

[Verse Three]

Now
I don't talk a lot of shit
But when it's time to get busy with these hos, let's go
Cause I'd rather see a skinhead dead
Then my niggas wearin blue or red
Cause I got the gift
To hit these hos swift
And I'm smellin like a fifth
Of sumthin
Yeah, that's right
I'm standin in the store
Koreans
Act so nice
Cause I got potentials to blow up a Winchells
Donut
And you know what?
I'm Cool Like Dat like Digable Planets
But don't take a nigga for granted
Cause whether it's a verdict of the L.A. four
You just don't know
That this rappin-ass nigga will change with the weather
And be down for whatever

[Outro]

And I'm down
Creep.
And I'm down for whatever

Ice Cube - devoid of pop
And I will never dance for you trick-ass niggas

It makes me wanna..creep.
It makes me wanna..creep.

// Enemy //

[Intro:]


Every January 16th, it's "The Dreamer, The Dreamer."

And all of you say, "I have a dream; The Dreamer."

And what did he dream?It stuck him right there.

And little black boys, and little white girls

will one day hold hands together.

Shit.

Is that where it's at?Is that where it's at now?

Them little blacks hands are yours.

You can't hold the black brothers' hands?

But you gonna grow old holdin' crackers' hands

before you hold each other's hands?

You gonna walk with your enemy

before you learn to walk with one another?

How sick can you be?

(Enemy)

[Verse One:]


Where you gonna go when the brothers wanna bust a shot

where you gonna go when I wanna kill bloodclot

Supercat said that the ghetto red hot

bust a gloc, bust a gloc, devils get shot

nappy-headed, no-dreded look where ya read it

buck the devil, buck the devil, look who said it

listen what I say after 1995 not one death will be alive

god will survive, him protect the civilized

who really cares if the enemy lives or dies?

not me, not me

me never eat from the tree with the apple

I'd rather have a Snapple

do you know where you're going to

do you know where you're runnin from

scared of the sun, I live in the sun

You shrivel up like a raisin

and burn like the blunt that I'm blazin

Ku Klux Klan scared of my nutty beats

cause them nutty beats equal bloody sheets

out number you somethin like 15 to 3

see, don't love your enemy

[Chorus]


Enemies, enemy runnin from the G

enemies, enemy, you're my enemy

enemies, enemy, when will I see?

enemies, enemy R.I.P.

[Verse Two:]


Where you gonna run when God wanna do ya?

J. Edgar Hoover, I wish I woulda knew ya

with the boom ping ping is the ring from the fire

me not afraid, cause me know Elijah

goin to the East but straight from the Westside

swing down sweet chariot nad let me ride

through the fire, through the fire that will please us

I know that Farrakhan is your baby Jesus

devil don't you know I'm a soldier?

in God's name and the baby claim I'm gonna hold ya

like Folger's Crystals feds

I'ma pick your ass like Juan Valdez

you don't care if me die from the cracka

you don't care if me have a heart attacka

you don't care if me get car jacka

you don't care cause you're nothing but a cracka

now it's Judgement Day, and Allah'll never play

"freedom got an AK," them Guerilla say

Bobby Seale said, "please make it rough, bro"

when God give the word, me herd like the buffalo

through your neighborhood, watch me blast

tribe of Shabazz, get in that ass

you shoulda took heed of my word and became a friend of me

now you're just a enemy

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]


Now I change my style up, my style up,bodies pile up

just to trouble you, throwin out the W

sent me a subpoena

cause I kill more crackas then Bosnia, Herze - govina

each and every day out a siz-tre Chevrolet

with the heavy A to the muthafuckin K

now you treat me like a germ

cause your scared of the su - per sperm

please don't bust til you see, the whites of his eyes

the whites of his skin, the whites of his lies

nappy head nigga with the bone in his nose

ya scared I'ma put this bone in your hoes

but I don't wanna, I've been to cona

from the cavebitch with the nasty persona

hit me with the big black billy club

cause you white and your hoe than a silly nub

three men in the tub, rub-a-dub-dub

and it's really scary, now they're in the military

Sodom and Gomorrah, devil read your Torah,

Bible, Holy Qur'an

once again it's on, got the hollow point teflon

and the brother Ron [2X]

so who's next?

(devil)

with Dub C, Brother G

Crazy Toons is a crazy coon ready for the enemy

high off the Hennesy

hundred ten degree, no it's not Tennesee

West L.A., what the hell can I say?

niggas wanna play, each and every day

pass me the pill, a nigga shoot the J

rougher than the roughest rough muthafucka, had enough muthafucka?

handcuff this muthafucka with the duct tape, tie it to the bumper

grab his bitch, dump her, cause nobody wanna hump her

they call me Thumper cause I thump til it hurt

knock your dick in the dirt, puttin in work

Master Farad Muhammad comin like a comet

when they see em, they all start to vomit

1995, Elijah is alive

Lewis Farrakhan, NOI

Bloods and Crips and little ol me

and we all gettin ready for the enemy

// Heaven //

[Verse One:]


Listen to the preacherman

But are you talkin' to me

I can't hear you with a mouth full of pig's feet

If I should need the swine flesh

Your body is a mess, but you're blessed

With a father, son, spirit and the holy ghost

But my whole neigborhood is comatose

Lookin' for survival

The devil made you a slave and he gave you a bible

400 years gettin' our ass kicked

By so-called christians and catholics

But I watch 'em burn in a fire

See I'm a g, that's why I ain't in your choir

Cause I see, cause I know

The church ain't nothin' but a fashion show

Get the devil to a 187

And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

[Verse Two:]


You're waitin' for the devil to come from the ground

Clown, take a look around

Just look at the cross that the priest is holdin'

A beast in sheep's clothing

But I'm rollin' with that knowledge of self

Cause heaven ain't just wealth

So mister preacher, if I couldn't pay my tithe

Do I have to wait outside?

White man, please take another look

Cause we couldn't be readin' out of the same book

Cause youse a crook and I'm a brother

King James had sex with his mother

Is that your edition? Is that your religion?

Black man, you gotta make a desicion

Cause God is comin' on day number seven

And he won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

[Verse Three:]


The same white man that threw me in the slammer

He bombed the church in Alabama

So if I cock the hammer, God won't mind

If I have to kill the human swine

Cause God is a killer from the start

Why you think Noah had to build his ark

And God is a man from his feet to his hair

That's why you say 'amen' after each and every prayer

I just stare at the church man

Spendin' more money on the church band

But Elijah's got a plan

Got the white man screamin': 'Damn that Farrakhan!'

Cause one day these babies are uprise

Much more than bowties and bean pies

Kickin' knowledge at 7-11

And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

