Album: TheTemptationsWishItWouldRain

// I Could Never Love Another (After Loving You) //

Girl, I can't believe my ears.
Are you really telling my goodbye?
See, you've taken away my reason for livin'
And you won't even tell me why.
Before you walk out the door
There's something I want you to know.

That I could never, ever love another, after loving you.
Ooo-hoo
No other love will I share 'cause none could compare
After loving you.

It was only yesterday.
Your words are still fresh in my mind.
Baby, you said,
Long as rivers flow
Each day you'd love me more.
Now you wanna leave me behind.
Listen baby, I don't know what it's gonna take to make you stay.
I just know I've got to find a way.

'Cause I could never, never, never ever love another, after loving you.
Ooo-hoo
No other love will I share 'cause none, none could compare
After loving you.

So baby, please stay beside me.
I need your sweet love to guide me.
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Ooo, after loving you.

(I could never love another, after loving you)

Baby, baby, baby
It was only, only, only, only yesterday.
Your words are still fresh in my mind.
I remember you said,
Long as rivers flow.
Each day you'd love me more.
Now you wanna leave, leave me behind.
Listen baby, I don't know what it's gonna take to make you stay.
I just know I've got to find a way.

'Cause I could never...
Never, never, never, ever love another, after loving you.
Ooo-hoo
No other love will I share 'cause none, none could compare
After loving you.

Ooo, baby.
On my bended knees
I'm begging you to stay here with me.
Oh, oh, baby, baby, baby, baby

I could never, never, never, never love another, after loving you.
Ooo-hoo
No other love will I share 'cause none could compare
After loving you.
Baby, baby, baby, baby.
(Never love another, after loving you)

// Cindy //

All my hopes and dreams are forgotten now
All the apples in my barrel are rotten now
Standing on a mountain of misery
Loneliness is my only company
Oh, when are gonna come cindy
When will you be homeward bound
I'm in need of you and the love of you Cindy

I thought we were birds of a feather now
And we would always be together now
And where ever i would go you would follow me
A life of love with you was my destiny
Oh, when you gonna come come home cindy
When will you be homeward bound
there's an empty space
since you left this place

Cindy, my cindy
Come back cindy comeback
Cindy you have made a great mistake
But mistakes were sometimes made to save
Cindy love is made of give and take
Let a move be made for love's sake
Come on home Cant you see 
I was made for you, 
you were made for me!

People tell me I'm not the same now
I only half respond to my name now
But no one knows it better than me myself baby
Without your love I can never be myself
Ohhhhhh, when you gonna come home cindy
Cindy, my cindy

// I Wish It Would Rain //

Hmmm
Sunshine, blue skies, please go away.
My girl has found another and gone away.
With her went my future, my life is filled with gloom.
So day after day, I stayed locked up in my room.
I know to you it might sound strange.
But I wish it would rain. (How I wish that it would rain)
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

'Cause so badly I wanna go outside. (Such a lovely day)
But everyone knows that a man ain't suppose to cry, listen.
I gotta cry 'cause cryin' eases the pain, oh yeah.
People this hurt I feel inside, words can never explain.
I just wish it would rain. (Oh, how I wish that it would rain)

Oh, let it rain.
Rain, rain, rain (Oh, how I wish that it would rain)
Ooo, baby. Let it rain.
(Let it rain) Oh yeah, let it rain.

[Instrumental]

Day in, day out, my tear stained face
Pressed against the window pane.
My eyes search the skies, desperately for rain.
'Cause raindrops will hide my teardrops.
And no one will ever know.
That I'm cryin'... cryin' when I go outside.
To the world outside my tears, I refuse to explain.
Oh, I wish it would rain. (Oh, how I wish that it would rain)
Ooo, baby.

Let it rain, let it rain.
I need rain to disguise the tears in my eyes.
Oh, let it rain.
Oh, yeah, yeah listen.
I'm a man and I got my pride.
Give me rain or I'm gonna stay inside.
Let it rain.

(Let it rain)
(Let it (rain) (rain) (rain) rain, rain)

// Please Return Your Love To Me //

(Please return your love to me, girl)
(Forgive me for the wrong I've done)

And, oh, baby
I cry myself to sleep at night
For fear of a-never holdin' you tight at all, baby (whoa, baby)
I miss ya more with each passin' day
Every night on my knees I pray
Oh, oh, baby (please)

[Chorus:]
(Return your love to me, girl)
(Forgive me for the wrong I've done
(Without your love, I'm just no good)
(For I am just a lonely boy)

I'm sorry for the wrong I've done
Now I know how it feels to lose that special someone (whoa, baby)
I need you more than words can say
Without your love I can't face another day
Oh, (please)

(Return your love to me, girl)
(Forgive me for the wrong I've done
(Without your love, I'm just no good)
(I am just a lonely one)

Oh, no, no-o-o-o, babe

If there's a heav'n above you'll be my one and only love (and, oh, baby)
I can't control the glow in me
Girl, come on and an' see about me

(Oh, ple-ea-ease)

(Return your love to me, girl)
(Forgive me for the wrong I've done
(Without your love, I'm just no good)
(I am just a lonely one)

I'm a lonely one
I'm a lonely one
I'm a lonely one
I'm just a lonelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy onnnnnnnnnnnnne (I am just a)

[Fade]
(Please, return your love to me, girl)
(Forgive me for the wrong I've done
(Without your love, I'm just no good)
(I am just a lonely one)

// Fan The Flame //

Once a wiseman said to me.
This advice I give you free.
A woman is made of fantasy so fan the flame.
Always keep her hopes up high.
Make her laugh don't make her cry and don't let her love die, so fan the flame.

A woman needs love and affection and little things mean alot (little things mean alot).
And when she has an emotional baby.
That's why you got to fan the flame to keep it burning hot.

Make her feel she ten feet tall, even though she short and small.
so fan the falme.
Her love is your reality let her go and you will see just how lonely life can be.
So fan the falme.

A woman needs love and praising so give her them each day.
Tell her you love her, its added protection.
That's why you got to fan the falme to keep it burning hot.

Once a wiseman said to me.
This advice I give you free.
A woman is made of fantsy so fan the flame.

// He Who Picks A Rose //

Alright...hmm...alright...hooo

A rose is a beautiful flower. 
To me the prettiest in the world. 
And that goes double, double for a girl cause she's like no other flower in the world. 
Remember, they're not perfect you see. So you got to take the bitter with the sweet. 
And remember fellas: he who picks a rose must accept the thorns it bears. (yeah, yeah, yeah). 
Talking about the good and the bad in a woman.

A rose remains so pretty if you treat it with loving care (yeah yeah yeah)
And that goes double double for a girl
Treat her right and her love she'll truly share 
But you've got to take the bitter with the sweet and return the lowly moments of despair. 
And remember fellas he who picks a rose must accept the thorns that's there...yeah yeah yeah yeah

Talking 'bout the good and bad in a woman...

I tell ya, tell ya...that a rose remains the same if you handle it with care (yeah yeah yeah) 
And now that goes double double for a girl; 
Treat her right and she'll stand besides you anywhere
I know sometimes they get carried away, say some things they don't mean to say. 
Just remember fellas: he who picks a rose must accept the thorns it bears...yeah

Talking bout the good and bad in a woman
(He who picks a rose must accept the thorns it bears)

Gotta remember when you choose your lover
(He who picks a rose must accept the thorns it bears)

The day you take one, you've got to take the other
(He who picks a rose must accept the thorns it bears)

// Why Did You Leave Me Darling //

Baby, our love was strong yesterday
(Now you watch love fade away)
Happiness was ours to share
(Now you just don't seem to care)
Without the love that we once knew
My heart is weak, what can I do
Feel like the rain, I feel the pain of losing you

It's a tragedy, baby, that you do to me
Why did you leave me
It's a tragedy, honey, that you do to me
Why did you leave

Baby, everywhere I see your face
(Memories you can't erase)
The long lonely nights have begun
(And you've got no place to run)
Can't you see the way I feel
Black is black, the pain is real
I can't bear to see the dawn
'Cause you're gone

It's a tragedy, baby, that you do to me
Why did you leave
I can't feel a thing, baby
Why did you leave, why did you leave, baby
Why did you leave, honey
Why did you leave, baby, honey
It's a tragedy that you do to me

Why did you leave, baby
It's a tragedy that you do to me
Don't crush my world, baby
It's a tragedy that you do to me, honey
Don't crush my world, baby
You know I need you, honey

Don't leave me alone...

// I Truly, Truly Believe //

I'm sending you red roses and violets.
(Violets of...) blue, girl.
The roses mean I love you.
The violets mean I'll always be true, girl. (Be true, girl)

Because I really love you.
And I truly, truly believe, yes I do.
Inspite of the way you acting, that you love me too.
Come on and say it dear.

Hmm, you try, to keep me away, girl.
Just to prove you don't really care.
But I believe you feel the same way I do.
And this torture just ain't fair. (No, this torture just ain't fair)

I'm sending you a bracelet.
In grave in gold that, "I love you" girl. (Love you, girl)
And I'll send my heart if I could, to prove I'll always be true, girl.

Because I really love you.
And I truly, truly believe, yes I do.
Inspite of the way you acting, that you love me too.
Come on and say it dear.
Oh, say it dear.

[Instrumental]

I hope you'd understand.
That the red roses and violets of blue, girl, (Hope you'd understand)
And that bright shining bracelet, help me, baby, say 'I love you'. (I love you. Love you)

And I really love you.
And I truly, truly believe, yes I do. (Yes, I do)
I believe that you love me.
So baby, come on and say it.

A-Say it. (I truly believe, yes I do, yes I do, yes I do)
I truly, truly believe. (I truly believe, yes I do, yes I do, yes I do)
(I truly believe, yes I do, yes I do, yes I do)

// This Is My Beloved //

This is my beloved, this is my beloved
Ooh when I get weary and my way gets dim
And I look all around and see my chances are slim
She give me courage to go on

This is my beloved, this is my beloved
When I lay awake in the middle of the night
And all my dreams have faded way out of sight
I hear her sweet voice in the dark

This is my beloved, this is my beloved
She never puts anothing before me
She knows me like a book from A to Z
She can make me laugh, have fun and be free
But most of all she know when to just let me be

This is my beloved, this is my beloved
When my pride is gone and I feel half a man
And everything goes wrong though I do the best I can
She makes me feel ten feet tall

This is my beloved and she's so good to me
This is my beloved and I love her, can't you see
This is my beloved and I'll never never let her go
This is my beloved, simply because I love her so...

// Gonna Give Her All The Love I've Got //

There's a train leaving here tomorrow. (Leaving here)
And I'll be a free, free man once again. (A free man)

I'm so glad I served my time, I'm gonna meet the girl that I left behind.
And when I see her, I'm gonna give her all the love I've got.
Ooo, when I see her, I'm gonna give her, little girl, all the love I've got.

There were times, there were times when each day seems like a year.
But the sweet things she said in her letters, made the times disappear, oh yeah.
She said, No one's arms will I let hold me 'cause in your arms is where I want to be.

So when I see her, I'm gonna give her, little girl, all the love I've got.
Ooo, when I see her... (I'm gonna give her all) all the love I've got.

Ooo, baby, baby, baby, I miss you so. Ugh!
Hmmm (Aw)

Countless nights I stared out my window at the moonlight, yes I did now.
Thinking about the way I used to hold her tight, oh yeah.
I must've been out of my mind to do the wrong I did and leave her behind.

So when I see her, I'm gonna give her all the love I've got.
Woo, when I see her, I'm gonna give her, little girl, all the love I've got.
Believe me when I tell ya
When I see her, I'm gonna give her all the love I've got.

// I've Passed This Way Before //

[Melvin:]
Life lands a freshing blow.
And once again our heart is broken.
And as history repeats itself.
These few words are sadly spoken.

[David:]
I've passed this way before.
I've felt this pain before.
A hurt that took so long to end.
Has found my poor heart again.

As I watch love walking away.
It brings back old memories.
But a familiar pain still feels the same.
Once again, heartache has found me.

A dark cloud covered my heart.
Oh, when she told me goodbye.
Now there's nothing left but emptiness.
And the tears that filled my crying eyes.

I've passed this way before.
I've felt this pain before.
A hurt that took so long to end.
Has found my poor heart again.

No matter how strong a man is.
Without a love he walks in the dark, baby.
If love deserts him it would surely hurt him.
'Cause his weakness is his heart.

A lonely journey now stands before me.
The endless pain has started.
But this time I know the way.
Walking alone and broken hearted.

Because I've passed this way before.
And I've felt this pain before.
A hurt that took so long to end.
Has found my poor heart again.

I've passed this way before.
I've felt this pain before.
A hurt that took so long to end.
Has found my poor heart again.

// No Man Can Love Her The Way I Do //

Ah, he can buy her diamonds, he can buy her pearls,
He can send her on a trip, all around this world.
He can buy her anything her little heart desires
But he don't know how to set that little girl's soul on fire

Even though he drives a big fine Cadillac car,
And he keeps her dressed up (ah!) like a movie star.
Anything she asks of him, his money can buy
But when it comes down to love, she gives me a try!

No man can love her like I do..

Tell the truth, no man can love her like I do,
No man can love her like I do..
Even though I don't have one thin dime,
Everytime I call her, you know she's right on time.

No man can love her like I do..

Ain't no man in this land who can love her like I do!
No man can love her like I do!

