Album: INeverLovedAManTheWayILoveYou

// Respect //

What you want
Baby, I got it
What you need
Do you know I got it?

All I'm askin'
Is for a little respect
When you come home
(just a little bit)
Hey, baby
(just a little bit)
When you get home
(just a little bit)
Mister
(just a little bit)

I ain't gonna do you wrong
While you're gone
Ain't gonna do you wrong
'Cause I don't wanna

All I'm askin'
Is for a little respect
When you come home
(just a little bit)
Baby
(just a little bit)
When you get home
(just a little bit)
Yeah
(just a little bit)

I'm about to give you all of my money
And all I'm askin' in return, honey
Is to give me my propers
When you get home

(just a, just a, just a, just a)
Yeah, baby
(just a, just a, just a, just a)
When you get home
(just a little bit)
Yeah
(just a little bit)

Ooh, your kisses
Sweeter than honey
And guess what?
So is my money

All I want you to do for me
Is give it to me when you get home
(re, re, re ,re)
Yeah, baby
(re, re, re ,re)
Whip it to me
(respect, just a little bit)
When you get home, now
(just a little bit)

R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Find out what it means to me
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Take care, TCB

Oh (sock it to me, sock it to me
Sock it to me, sock it to me)
A little respect
(sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
Whoa, babe
(just a little bit)
A little respect
(just a little bit)

I get tired
(just a little bit)
Keep on tryin'
(just a little bit)
You're runnin' out of foolin'
(just a little bit)
And I ain't lyin'
(just a little bit)

(re, re, re, re) 'spect
When you come home
(re, re, re, re)
Or you might walk in
(respect, just a little bit)
And find out I'm gone
(just a little bit)
I got to have
(just a little bit)

// Drown In My Own Tears //

It brings big tears into my eyes
When I begin, when I begin to realize
That I've cried so much, oh, since you've been gone;
I guess I'll drown in, drown in my own tears...

I've been crying, just like a child;
These tears of mine, these tears are runnin' wild...
And if you don't think... if you don't think that you'll be home soon,
Baby, I'm gonna drown... oh, yeah... in my own tears...

Here without you (you), 
I get so lonely and I sure get blue (blue), yes, I do...
It seems to keep rainin' (rainin'), 
Rainin', and raining more and more, and more and more... (More and more...)
Oh, here without you, baby,
I sure get lonely and I get so blue,
And every time I look around, it's rainin',
More, and more, and more, and more, and more...

Oh, why can't you? (You...) Why can't you...
Why can't you come on home? (You come on home...)
Because I don't wanna be, I don't want to be here all alone...
Listen! if you don't think... (If! You! Don't!)
If you don't think that you're coming home soon (You don't think!), like this evening,
I believe I'm gonna drown (drown...) this morning...
I tell you that I'm gonna... (drown...) gonna drown this evening... 
And oh! (Drown...) It's sure gonna get bad in the midnight hour.
Don't let him let me! (Drown...) Don't let him let me,
Don't let him let me! Don't let him let me
Drown (goin' down...), in my own tears...
I don't wanna drown (drown...) in my own tears...
Oh, I'm gonna drown... yeah, in my... 
Oh, in my own tears, tears, my tears, tears!
Oh! Don't let him do it, don't let him do it;
I don't wanna drown in my own tears...

// I Never Loved A Man //

You're a no good heart breaker
You're a liar and you're a cheat
And I don't know why
I let you do these things to me
My friends keep telling me
That you ain't no good
But oh, they don't know
That I'd leave you if I could

I guess I'm uptight
And I'm stuck like glue
Cause I ain't never
I ain't never, I ain't never, no, no (loved a man)
(The way that I, I love you)

Some time ago I thought
You had run out of fools
But I was so wrong
You got one that you'll never lose
The way you treat me is a shame
How could ya hurt me so bad
Baby, you know that I'm the best thing
That you ever had
Kiss me once again

Don'cha never, never say that we we're through
Cause I ain't never
Never, Never, no, no (loved a man)
(The way that I, I love you)

I can't sleep at night
And I can't eat a bite
I guess I'll never be free
Since you got, your hooks, in me

Whoa, oh, oh
Yeah! Yeah!
I ain't never loved a man
I ain't never loved a man, baby
Ain't never had a man hurt me so bad

No
Well this is what I'm gonna do about it

// Soul Serenade //

Only you can hear my soul serenade...

I want to be free to fly away and sing to the world
About my soul... serenade! 
My soul serenade...

When you're not around, there's a lonely sound
In my soul serenade... 
In my soul serenade...

Everyone but you adores me,
But oh, do you know pretty soon they bore me?
Let me tell you right now that they bore me!
They bore me with their pretty little words,
Those pretty little words of devotion...
But, oh, let me tell you right now, my message to 'em this evening
Is they can jump in anybody's ocean!
Because only you hear my soul... my soul serenade!
My soul serenade...
Oh, my soul serenade.... 
My soul serenade...

// Don't Let Me Lose This Dream //

If I lose this dream (this dream!), I don't know what I'm gonna do...
If I lose this dream (this dream!) I'm dreaming about for me and you...

If it goes away, I might as well hang it up, 'cause I don't know
If I have the heart or mind to make it true, to help it grow,
And I only know, I only know, I only know...

If I lose this dream (this dream!), it's goodbye, love and happiness, yes...
You're the one I need - I don't want a love that's second-best...

There been things all of my life I wanted to do that made me blue;
Help me hold onto this dream, for sometimes, dreams often come true,
And they'll come true, they'll come true, for me and you...

(Wait a minute, baby!)

Don't let me lose this dream!
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me lose my dream!
Baby, baby, be strong!

You say that-a you believe that what I say is true (Hey, hey, hey!),
And that I'm the one and only girl for you - (Wait a minute, baby!) Just tell me...
No matter what the people say, (Hey, hey, hey!) Say that 
You're in my corner all the way, 
And I won't lose this dream... 
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me lose my steam! 
Baby, baby, be strong!

Don't let me... ooh, baby;
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me... oh...

// Baby, Baby, Baby //

Baby, baby, baby, this is just to say
How much I'm gonna miss you, but believe, while I'm away...
That I didn't mean to hurt you;
Don't you know that I'd rather hurt myself?
(I'd hurt myself, I'd hurt myself...)

Baby, baby, baby (baby), think of me sometimes (baby);
Because if loving you was so wrong (baby), then I'm guilty of this crime...
(Guilty, I'm guilty, I'm guilty...)
I'm bewildered, I'm lonely, and I'm loveless,
Without you to hold my hand (Reach out for me, boy...);
If you'd just understand... (Reach out to me, right now...)

Those that we love, we foolishly make cry,
Then sometimes feel it's best to say goodbye, goodbye...
But what's inside can't be denied;
The power (power of love), power of love (power of love) is my only guide...
Baby! (Oh...), Baby! (Oh...) 
Baby (Oh...), baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, this is just to say
Just how much I'm really gonna miss you, but believe, while I'm away,
(I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you...)
That I really didn't mean, I didn't mean, I didn't mean to hurt you;
Don't you know that, that I'd rather hurt myself? (I'd hurt myself...)

Baby... I need you, I need you, I need you (I need you, I need you, I need you...)
If I did you wrong, if I did you wrong... (I'd hurt myself...)
I need you, I need you, I need you (I need you, I need you, I need you...)
If I did you wrong... (I'd hurt myself...)

// Dr. Feelgood (Love Is A Serious Business) //

I don't won't nobody always 
sitt'in around me and my man.
I don't won't nobody always 
sitt'in right there looking at me and that man.
Be it my mother my bother or my sister
Would you believe I get up put on some clothes, 
go out and help them find somebody for their selves if I can, 
yes I will.

Now I don't mind company. 
Because company's alright with me every once in a while. Yes it is.
I say I don't mind company. 
Because company's alright with me every once in a while. Yeah.
But Oooooooooooh! 
When me and that man get to luv'in. 
I tell you girls, I dig you, but I just don't have time.
To sit and sit and sit and sit tight and smile.

Don't send me no doctor.
Filling me up with all of those pills.
I got me a man name Dr. Feelgood.
Oh! Yeah! That man takes care of all of my pains and my ills.
His name is Dr. Feelgood in the morning.
And taking care of business 
is really this man's game.

And after one visit to Dr. Feelgood.
You'd understand why Feelgood is his name.
Oh! Yeah! Ooh! 
Good God Almighty the man show makes me feel real good.

// Good Times //

Everybody, get in the groove and let the good times roll;
I'm gon' stay here 'til I soothe my soul,
If it takes all night long... yeah...

It might be one o'clock, and it might be three;
Time don't mean that much to me!
I ain't had this much fun since I don't know when, 
And I might not feel this good again...

Oh! Get in the groove and let the good times roll;
I'm gon' stay here 'til I soothe my soul,
If it takes all night long, yeah...

All night - it takes all day...
All night, and all day...
I'm gonna get in the groove and let the good times roll...
Stay here 'til I soothe my soul! 
If it takes all night long... yeah...

It might be one o'clock, and it might be three;
I don't care, 'cause time means nothin' to me!
I ain't been swingin' since I don't know when, 
And I might not be swingin' this way again...

Oh! Get in the groove and let the good times roll;
You can stay here 'til you soothe your soul, 
If it takes all night long, yeah...

All night, and all day...
All night, and all day...
I'm gon' stay here - I ain't gonna move;
Come on, soul brotha, help me find the groove!
I don't care who's knockin' on the door...

// Do Right Woman, Do Right Man //

Take me to heart
And I'll always love you
And nobody can make me do wrong
Take me for granted
Leaving love unshown
Makes will power weak
And temptation strong

A woman's only human
You should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

Yeah, yeah
They say that it's a man's world
But you can't prove that by me
And as long as we're together baby
Show some respect for me

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

A woman's only human
This you should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man

// Save Me //

Save me, somebody save me...
Save me, somebody save me... yeah...

Promised myself after the first romance,
I wouldn't give ya a second chance...
They say if you seek, you're sure to find,
But the closer I get to you, baby, you drive me stone outta my mind...

Save me! Oh, yeah...
Save me! Yeah, yeah...

Those who love always give the most;
We're cryin' together from coast to coast...
Love leaves us cold and hurt inside,
These tears of ours, unjustified...

Beggin' you to save me! Yeah, need somebody to
Save me! Yeah... hey, hey, hey...

Yeah... Mm-hmm... 
Yeah... Mm-hmm...

You lied and said you needed me!
You abused my love, set me free...
You didn't need, you didn't want me;
Somebody help me, this man wants to taunt me!

I'm beggin' you to, oh, save me... hey...
Please, save me...

Callin' the Cape Crusader, Green Hornet, Kado too;
I'm in so much trouble, I don't know what to do...
If you think anything about me, save me! 
Oh yeah, yeah, c'mon...
Understand! Save me! 
Anybody! Save me!
Whoo! Oh, oh, oh, save me!
Whoo! Oh, oh, oh, save me!

// A Change Is Gonna Come //

There's an old friend that I once heard say
Somethin' that touched my heart, and it began this way:

I was born by the river, in a little tent;
And just like the river, I've been runnin' every since...
He said, "It's been a long time comin', but I know my change is gonna come..."
Oh, yeah...

He said, "It's been too hard livin', but I'm afraid to die;
I might not be if I knew what was up there beyond the sky...
It's been a long, a long time comin', but I know my change has got to come..."
Oh, yeah...

I went... I went to my brother 
And I asked him, "Brother, could you help me, please?"
He said, "Good sister, I'd like to, but I'm not able..."
And when I, when I looked around, I was right back down, down on my bended knees,
Yes, I was! Oh!

There've been times that I thought... I thought that I wouldn't last for long,
But somehow, right now, I believe that I'm able, I'm able to carry on...
I tell you that it's been a long... and, oh, it's been an uphill journey all the way,
But I know, I know, I know, I know my change is gonna come...

Sometimes, I've had to cry all night long - yes, I did;
Sometimes, I had to give up right for what I knew was wrong...
Yeah, it's been an uphill journey!
It's sure been a long way comin'... yes, it has...
It's been real hard every step of the way,
But I believe, I believe, this evenin', my change has come...
Yeah! I tell you that my change has come

