Album: HiThisIsFlume

// Hi This Is Flume //

Hi, this is Flume
And you're listening to my new single
Tap the artwork to listen and save to your own music collection
Hey, this is Flume
Hi, this is Flume
Hey, this is Flume
Hi, this is Flume
[?]
Hi, this is Flume, I'm dropping by..
And you're listening to my new single
Tap the artwork to listen and save to your own music collection
Hi, I'm Flume
Hi, this is Flume

// High Beams //

[slowthai:]
We'll live when I flip the clutch
Days when I wasted a lot
Some days I was waste like plums that ain't been ate for months
Months in this place of glum
Food that I ate hit my tum
Can't settle fairy tale skin pebbles, raised in slums
Somehow I gotta make me some, I ain't tryna stay at mom's
Mom said don't play with guns, banging and playing on drums
Slanging it under no thumb, made me draw from my fund
Putting on pie and eating crumbs
Get rich till ya die don't mean that much

Could be anyone that wouldn't be me
Believing everyone except for me
All I need is TLC, block it out with THC
You would know if you seen what I seen
Ain't smooth like Maybelline
Count me out like 1, 2, 3, proof I'm gone say my move was strong
Bite it between my teeth, said I'm moving along
Do you know where I've been?
Back and forth to Timbuktu, still, I come through like Mr. Sheen
Dealing with Charlie Sheens, sad times, can you play the strings?
No cut, no seam, looks could kill and I've got high beams

Out of touch, off my line, they got laws but I can't comply
Out of luck, must be blind
Been blessed so much till I question my existence
Without a pot to piss in, distant
Travel distance, I am Mr. Kiddlin
Can't contain my position
No optimism, say I'm optimistic
Narcissistic, hard to sit with
Middle part and split the difference
Me, treat me to exorcism
Bad decision, pessimistic
Conflict about fit description
Misunderstanding don't know what I'm planning
Paint a different picture
Need a safe line and life in the caption
Why you live for Insta?

// Is It Cold In The Water? (Flume & Eprom Remix) //

Is it cold in the water?
In the water
Is it cold in the water?
Is it cold in the water?
Is it cold in the water?

Is it cold in the water?
Is it cold in the water?

// How To Build A Relationship //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Jungle juice music
Uh, new whips, new whips, uh
New whip with the top, woah
Hold up, not even

New whip with the top dropped (Uh)
Suplex a nigga like ascension, the cop dropped (Uh)
I ain't got no million dollar deals, I still make hits
These niggas got million dollar deals and just take shit
I'm not with it, scope wide, I got good vision
I'm seein' through these fake niggas like Bran, you niggas too timid
A little loose-lippin', I'm in the booth sippin'
Cyanide to the head, bitch, I be big sinnin'
Fuck is you talkin' 'bout? I'm into givin' coffins out
I caught him at the coffee house and made him walk it out

I'm not cool, I'm not nice, I'm not you (Nah)
There's no friends, no feels, this kid's stupid (No)
Fresh smile, gold tooth
Heat to your skull, catch me in a cold mood
Not cool, I'm not nice, I'm not you
There's no friends, no feels, this kid's stupid
Fresh smile, gold tooth, huh
Heat to your skull, catch me in a cold mood

I could never show you niggas all this dirt I'm doin'
Sticks to your face like "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan
First nigga put you on the ropes, had you lookin' like a ghost
'Cause you in my heart but you not movin', nigga
Look, fuck is you, uh
Fuck is you vloggin' 'bout? These niggas actin' stalker now
I follow you, you follow me, we ridin' in circles now
Look, it's a crime mob family, guns at the Gawker house
These arms extended, I'm not givin' daps out
Pounds, pounds, pounds
Empty out the safe, put the money on the ground
Bitch, I love it
Heartthrob Peggy, I'm above it
I ain't got no fuckin' tickets, I ain't got no fuckin' money
I ain't got no fuckin' digits
Can't call me at no office, can't call me at no crib
You can call me but Peggy-taker 'cause I can't let these niggas
Aw, fuck!

Yeah, nigga (Uh)
You know how the fuck we comin' with it (Uh)
You are now tuned into the motherfuckin' infamous
JPEG-motherfuckin'-MAFIA
A.K.A. Buttermilk Jesus
A.K.A. DJ Half-Court Violation
A.K.A. Lil World Cup
And my nigga Flume, we in the streets, nigga, ah
Uh (Catch me in a cold mood)
Don't, don't, don't call me unless I gave you my number
(Hahahahaha)
That's, that's, that's how relationships built
(Hahahahaha)

// Voices //

Voices sing, also the moment gonna be love
When it falls like rain and you failed to ignore him now

Voices, voices
Voices, voices
Voices, voices

Voices sing, also the moment gonna be love
When it falls like rain and you failed to ignore him now

