Album: WashingMachine

// Becuz //

Wish I could change the way that you feel
Standing with him you feel more real
Looking so sweet with all your might
Trustin' in him to fully ignite

Holding his hand like a brand new kite
Blue eyes sparkle, open, alright
Wish I could see, the girl who'd fight
Playing and laughing and trying to show it

Running and falling and dying to know it
Staring you down with her gaze hold it
Wish I could free you but I can't don't blow it

Angel, gonna show it
Lord
The devil, go on hold it
Angel, gonna show it
Lord
Blow it

Becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you
Becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you
Becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you
Becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you, becuz of you

Wish I could free you, but I can't, don't blow it
Wish I could free you, but I can't, don't know it

// Junkie's Promise //

A hundred dollars used to be more than enough
And now a hundred times a day and still it's not enough
People always tell me you get what you deserve
All I know is all and all is all I've heard

I heard you say: "you know I hate myself
But I love everybody else"
And did you say: "I can't escape myself"
And then you did and now there's no one else

To blame you know that I know yeah that times are rough
I'd like to help you out but things are rather tough
People always tell me that you've got to lend a helping hand
Nothing in return is all I expect from you my friend

I heard you say: "you know I hate myself
But I love everybody else"
And did you say: "I can't escape myself"
And then you did and now there's no one else

I heard you say: "you know I hate myself
But I love everybody else"
And did you say: "I can't escape myself"
And then you do and now there's no one else

// Saucer-Like //

Swirling whirling through the city of ages
You sink a bit whenever angels fly
Do you have a feeling for their fuzzy faces?
Are you close enough to see into their eyes?

You're magic fit and free
Taxi holds on the breeze
A dream's a dream of feelings
That never fall at all
Holds his thoughts in chains
And tries to bust up the walls

Every day it's just another breath
Every night another little death
Do you scratch and itch when your head feels tight
Or wave it away and just stay out all night?

Got your head in the trees
If that's the way you're feeling
It's not good or bad
Channels of thought revealing now
Some things we all had

I'm having a wonderful vision of the city today
Buildings all lined up neat on straight sun lit blocks
Avenue canyons stretch forever
Handcut panes grooved like a record
Flat bridge
Peer, boat, docks
I'm slipping round the bottom edge [line echoes]

Do you trip and breeze
Down city streets
Just a little free
With your head in the trees

// Washing Machine //

Yeah, I take my baby down to the street and I buy him a soda-pop
He's so sweet

Alright now, alright now, alright now
You said that

If you want I'll be the one
Take you out and have some fun
I never never ever ever tell no one
Till the end, till the morning comes

Yeah, I take my baby down to the corner and
I buy him a soda-pop
Hmm hmm

Alright now, alright now, alright now

If you want I'll be the one
Take you out and have some fun
Flip a quarter for the toss
I'd like mine with apple-sauce

Yeah, I take my baby down to the corner and
I buy him a soda-pop
'Cause he's so neat, sweet

Alright now, alright now, alright now
Okay now

If you want I'll be the one
Shake my legs and have some fun
My hearts spinnin' round like a washing machine
Never saw the devil look so damn clean

Yeah, I take my baby down to the corner and
I buy him a soda-pop
And he said: "honey, you look so fine"
And I said: okay, alright, okay, alright

I was walking up Lafayette street
It's real empty
And I looked out and it turned into a big field
And I looked up in the sky
And I looked up in the clouds
And I saw this face looking down at me
And it's a women's face
And she threw a quarter down at me and she said:
"Honey, here's a quarter go put it in the washing machine"
And then I looked up at her,
I looked up

// Unwind //

Lay down your lucky hand, upon her heart
Morning becomes a kite, tangled up in stars
Laugh in the midday light, and leave - it behind
Move out into his sundry eyes, and sing, unwind

Hang down your lucky head, a sign to time
Morning becomes the sun, for the dandy line
Sooner than the midday light, we leave behind
Love is out into the sundry light, you sing, unwind

// Little Trouble Girl //

Ready? go, 1,2,3,4

If you want me to
I will be the one
That is always good
And you'll love me too
But you'll never know
What I feel inside
That I'm really bad
Little trouble girl
Remember mother?
We were close
Very, very close
Sha la la you taught me how to fit it good
Sha la la flow down life you understood
Sha la la curl my hair and eye lash
Sha la la hitch my cheeks and do my lips
Sha la la swing my hips just like you
Sha la la smile and behave
Sha la la a circle of perfection, it's what you gave
Sha la la then one day I met a guy
He stole my heart, no alibi
Sha la la he said: "Romance is a ticket to paradise"
Sha la la momma, I'm not too young to try
Sha la la we kissed, we hugged, we were close
Very, very close
Sha la la we danced in the sand
And the water rose - higher and higher
Sha la la until I found myself floating - in the sky
I'm sorry mother, I'd rather fight
Than have to lie
If you want me to
I will be the one
That is always good
And you'll love me too
But you'll never know
What I feel inside
That I'm really bad
Little trouble girl
Little trouble girl (what you doin'?)
Little trouble girl cross my heart and hope to die,
Little trouble girl I can not tell a lie
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu 
Little trouble girl ah-hu

// No Queen Blues //

Hey! Hey! Where you're goin' in such a hurry?
Take it easy girl and tell me a story
Move on over here, slow it down
Tell me why you've been, run out of town

I don't give a fuck, why everybody thinks you should shut up 
Everybody's feat, cause everybody knows that you're the queen of
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!

Hey! Hey! Where you're goin' in such a rush?
Hey girl I think they think you know too much
They can't catch you with me cause I move too slow
Slow enough to know that you gonna have to go

I don't really care why the bullshit artists sit and snap
They can never find about me and the queen of
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!

I don't really care why the bullshit artists sit and snap
They can never find about me and the queen of
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!

// Panty Lies //

Don't just stare, `cause she's not wearing underwear
Em-em-em-em-em-em-em-em
Oh how rude, at least she's got you're attention square
Em-em-em-em-em-em-em-em
Don't you realize, It's just her disguise
Ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai
Hey! mum look, no more panty line
Ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai
Shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I
Peek-a-boo look into the mirror
Now you see her, now you'll be her
Hover your lips, twirl your hair
Pretend you're there, pretend it ain't there
Little girl playing in the closet
First comes walking, then comes talking
Peek-a-boo look into the mirror
She says: "who am I?"
Inside! outside! 
Inside, outside, inside, outside, inside, outside,
Inside, outside, inside, outside
Shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa shoewa
Hm-a-hm-a-hm-a-hm-a
Da-da-da-da-da

Don't just stare, `cause she's not wearing underwear
Em-em-em-em-em-em-em-em
Oh how rude, at least she's got you're attention square
Em-em-em-em-em-em-em-em
Don't you realize, it's just her disguise
Ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai
Hey! mum look, no more panty line
Ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai-ai
I-a-o-a-i-a-a-o-a-i-a-u-a-i-a-i-i-u-a

// Skip Tracer //

This she did in public for us to see
She came in here too drunk to do the show
Between the trains and cars
Broken glass and lost hub-caps, images of a gun
Row house row house pass through
Let the city rise up to fill the screen
Clothes flung out of closets, doorknobs falling off
The guitar guy played real good feedback, and super sounding riffs
With his mild mannered look on, yeah he was truly hip
The girl started out in red patent leather
Very I'm in a band with knee pads
We watch her fall over and lay down, 
Shouting the poetic truths of high school journal keepers
Row house row house pass through, let the city rise up
Twister, dust buster, hospital bed, I'll see you, see you
See you on the highway
Now we're told so merge ideas, of song forms and freedom
Miss seafood, miss cheesecake, a couple of miss donuts
The edge of a blade pressed to the throat of your reflected image
Poised, yet totally screwed up
Yes sir, yes sir, step right up

None of us know, where we're trying to get to
What sort of live where we trying to build
Now we're told so merge ideas, of song forms and freedom
Seasons out of life, nothing is out of reach
L.A. is more confusing now, than anywhere I've ever been to
I'm from New York City, breath it out and let it in

Where are you now?
When your broken eyes are closed
Head in a cloudy dream, green and sailboats
Borrowed and never returned
Emotions, books, outlooks on life

Hello 20 15!

Hello, 20, 15!

// The Diamond Sea //

Time takes its crazy toll
And how does your mirror grow
You better watch yourself when you jump into it
'cause the mirror's gonna steal your soul

I wonder how it came to be my friend
That someone just like you has come again
You'll never, never know how close you came
Until you fall in love with the diamond rain

Throw all his trash away
Look out he's here to stay
Your mirror's gonna crack when he breaks into it
And you'll never never be the same

Look into his eyes and you can see
Why all the little kids are dressed in dreams
I wonder how he's gonna make it back
When he sees that you just know it's make-belief

Blood crystalized as sand
And now I hope you'll understand
You reflected into his looking glass soul
And now the mirror is your only friend

Look into his eyes and you will see
That men are not alone on the diamond sea
Sail into the heart of the lonely storm
And tell her that you'll love her eternally

Time takes its crazy toll
Mirror fallin' off the wall
You better look out for the looking glass girl
'cause she's gonna take you for a fall

Look into his eyes and you shall see
Why everything is quiet and nothing's free
I wonder how he's gonna make her smile
When love is running wild on the diamond sea

