Album: GeniusLovesCompany

// Sinner's Prayer //

Lord have mercy
Lord please have mercy on me
Hey Lord, please have mercy
Lord please have mercy on me
Well, if I've done somebody wrong
Lord please have mercy if you please

You know what, B.B.? (Yeah)
I used to have plenty of money, yeah (Oh yeah)
Finest clothes in town (Mhm)
Bad luck and trouble overtook me (Yeah)
Down, bound to go down now (Alright)

Lord have mercy please (Go 'head, talk to Him)
Please have mercy on me (Talk to Him, talk to Him), yeah
Well, if I, I've done somebody wrong
Won't You have mercy if you please, yeah, alright

Ray, if I've done somebody wrong, I declare I'll change my ways
You know B.B., I don't want bad luck and trouble (Yeah)
To worry me all my days (Alright)

Oh Lord have mercy please, Lord won't you have mercy on me
Please Lord, please Lord
Well, you know, if I, if I've done somebody wrong (Yeah)
Have mercy if you please, oh Lord

// Heaven Help Us All //

Heaven help the boy who never had a home
Heaven help the girl who walks the streets alone
And Heaven help the roses if the bombs begin to fall
Lord, won't you help us all

Mhm
Heaven help the Black man if he struggles one more day
(One more day)
Heaven help the white man if he turns his back away (Back away)
Heaven help the man who kicks the man who has to crawl
Oh, Heaven help us all

Heaven help us all (Heaven help us)
Heaven help us all, help us all (Oh, we need You, Jesus)
Heaven help us, Lord (Oh Lord), hear our call (Hear our call)
When we call (Oh, when we call, oh yeah)

Heaven help the boy who won't reach twenty-one
(You tell 'em, Ray)
And Heaven help the man who gave that child a gun
(Shame, shame)
And Heaven help the people with their backs against the wall
Lord, won't You help us all

Heaven help us all (Oh Lord)
Heaven help us all, help us all
Heaven help us, Lord (Oh Lord), hear our call (Hear our call)
When we call (When we call, oh, when we call)

We need You to help us all, ooh, ooh, ooh
I want everybody within the sound of my voice this evening to fall down on your knees and say a prayer, asking for His guidance, His grace, His mercy. You might wanna say, "Lord, oh, oh, Lord have mercy, oh. Now I lay me down before I go to sleep. In a troubled world, I pray the Lord, the Lord to keep. Keep hatred from the mighty, and the mighty from the small. Heaven help us all." Heaven help us

Heaven help us all (Oh, have mercy)
Heaven help us all, help us all (We need You, Jesus)
Heaven help us, Lord (Oh Lord), hear our call (Oh, won't ya)
When we call (Oh, won't you hear me when I call, oh, oh, oh-oh)
Heaven help us all
(Yes, I wish I had somebody to help me sing this thing)
Heaven help us all, help us all (Lord, won't you come by here)
Heaven help us, Lord (Oh Lord), hear our call (Oh, when we call)
When we call (We can't do without you)
Heaven help us all (Oh, ho, ho, ho)
Heaven help us all, help us all (Lord, would you come by here)
Heaven help us, Lord (Oh, won't ya), hear our call
(Oh, won't ya lead us)
When we call

// Sweet Potato Pie //

Oh Lord I feel fine today
I'm walking on cloud nine today
I'm over that line today
Happiness is finally mine today

I guess I'm just a lucky guy
And I'm prepared to tell you why
It's strictly on account of my
Sweet Potato Pie

I'm the fellow that she loves the most
The main reason why she left the coast
She's my little girlzi&ntilde;a
That much hotter that a jalape&ntilde;o

Tender like a night in June
Sweeter than a honeymoon
Brighter than a silver spoon
Just as crazy as a loon

Softer than a lullabye
Deeper than the midnight sky
Soulful as a baby's cry
My Sweet Potato Pie

I used to see her around the neighborhood
I wonder how she grew up so good
She belonged to Freddy and he was bad
And I never was ready to make him mad

I'm glad I had to wait awhile
A little bit too juvenile
I needed to refine my style
A silk suit and a crocodile smile

So let the whole damn world go by
'Cause I just want to testify
From now on it's me and my
Sweet Potato Pie

// Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word //

What have I got to do to make you love me
What have I got to do to make you care
What do I do when lightning strikes me
And I wake to find that you're not there

What do I do to make you want me
What have I got to do to be heard
What do I say when it's all over
And sorry seems to be the hardest word

It's sad, so sad
It's a sad, sad situation
And it's getting more and more absurd
It's sad, so sad
Why can't we talk it over
Oh it seems to me
That sorry seems to be the hardest word

What do I do to make you love me
What have I got to do to be heard
What do I do when lightning strikes me
What have I got to do
What have I got to do
When sorry seems to be the hardest word

// Fever //

Never knew how much I love you, never knew how much I care
When you put your arms around me, I get a fever that's so hard to bear
You give me fever, when you kiss me, fever when you hold me tight
Fever in the morning, fever all through the night.

Sun lights up the daytime, moon lights up the night
I light up when you call my name, and you know I'm gonna treat you right
You give me fever, when you kiss me, fever when you hold me tight
Fever in the the morning, oh fever all through the night.

Everybody's got the fever, that is something that you should know
Fever isn't such a new thing, fever started long ago.
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah, oh
Tell 'em about it
Romeo loved Juliet, Juliet she felt the same
When he put his arms around her, he said "Julie baby you're my flame"
Thou givest fever, when we kisseth, fever with thy flaming youth
Fever - I'm afire, fever yea I burn forsooth.

Captain Smith and Pocahontas had a very bad affair
But when her Daddy tried to kill him, she said "Daddy,Daddy don't you dare"
He gives me fever - with his kisses, fever when he holds me tight
Fever - I'm his Missus, Oh daddy won't you treat him right.

Now you've heard our story, (oh, it's your story)
Here's the point we have made (I'm listening)
Chicks were born to give you fever (that's right)
Be it Fahrenheit or Centigrade
They give you fever - when you kiss them, fever if you live and learn
Fever - till you sizzle, what a lovely way to burn.
Aha, what a lovely way to burn.
I tell you, what a lovely way to burn.
All right now, what a lovely way to burn.
I like that, what a lovely way to burn.

(You ain't right, Ray)

// It Was A Very Good Year //

When I was seventeen
It was a very good year
It was a very good year for small town girls
And soft summer nights
We'd hide from the lights
On the village green
When I was seventeen

When I was twenty-one
It was a very good year
It was a very good year for city girls
Who lived up the stair
With all that perfumed hair
And it came undone
When I was twenty-one

When I was thirty-five
It was a very good year
It was a very good year for blue-blooded girls
Of independent means
We'd ride in limousines
Their chauffeurs would drive
When I was thirty-five

But now the days grow short
I'm in the autumn of the year
And now I think of my life as vintage wine
From fine old kegs
From the brim to the dregs
And it poured sweet and clear
It was a very good year

It was a mess of good years

// Hey Girl //

Hey girl, I want you to know
I'm gonna miss you so much if you go
Hey girl, I'll tell you no lie
Something deep inside of me's going to die
If you say so long, if this is goodbye

Hey girl, this can't be true
How am I supposed to exist without you?
Hey girl, don't put me on
What's gonna happen to me when you're gone?
How will I live, how can I go on?
How can I go on?

Hey girl, now sit yourself down
I'm not afraid to get down on the ground
And beg you, beg you to stay
Don't go away
Hey girl

// Somewhere Over The Rainbow //

Somewhere over the rainbow
Way up high,
There's a land that I heard of
Once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow
Skies are blue,
And the dreams that you dare to dream
Really do come true.

Someday I'll wish upon a star
And wake up where the clouds are far
Behind me.
Where troubles melt like lemon drops
Away above the chimney tops
That's where you'll find me.

Somewhere over the rainbow
Bluebirds fly.
Birds fly over the rainbow.
Why then, oh why can't I?

If happy little bluebirds fly
Beyond the rainbow
Why, oh why can't I?

// Crazy Love //

I can hear her heart beat for a thousand miles
And the heavens open every time she smiles
And when I come to her that's where I belong
Yet I'm running to her like a river's song

[Chorus:]
She give me love, love, love, love, crazy love
She give me love, love, love, love, crazy love

She's got a fine sense of humor when I'm feeling low down
And when I come to her when the sun goes down
Take away my trouble, take away my grief
Take away my heartache, in the night like a thief

[Chorus]

Yes I need her in the daytime
Yes I need her in the night
Yes I want to throw my arms around her
Kiss her hug her kiss her hug her tight

And when I'm returning from so far away
She gives me some sweet lovin' brighten up my day
Yes it makes me righteous, yes it makes me feel whole
Yes it makes me mellow down in to my soul

[Chorus]

