Album: HowWillILaughTomorrowWhenICantEvenSmileToday

// Trip At The Brain //

[Mike Clark / Mike Muir]

Tripping...

Ha-ha-ha-ha... Tripping!

[guitar solo]

I gotta gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip out of this place
I gotta gotta get away, get away from the human race
I don't know what I'll see, don't even know what I'll find
I don't know what to pack, never been to a trip at the mind

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

I took a wrong turn and I ended up at my heart
It could barely even pump no blood, it was so thrashed and torn apart
Thank it for working overtime in pain and misery
Then I set back on the trail, headed for my destiny

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

Fly with me...
Flying free...

[guitar solo]

Tripping!
You must be tripping!
Trip, trip, trip, trip, tripping!
Ya ya ya ya you're tripping!

I cannot-cannot stop this trip; I forgot to pack the brakes
Crashed straight into a concrete wall of my mistakes
Ended up in a cemetery of a thousand wasted days
But that's alright with me, cause that's where most of my memories lays

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

Tripping going tripping going
Tripping tripping tripping going
Tripping in my mind these days
And everybody's gonna be tripping
Trippin trippin trippin gonna
Gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna!

Fly with me...
Flying free...

Gotta get away, gotta get away!
Gotta gotta gotta gotta get away!
I gotta get away, gotta get away!
I'm gonna take that trip...

[guitar solo]

Welcome...

'Cause I'm the host with the most, now here's a little toast
Don't think of nothing 'cause you'll put your mind on course
I'll exercise your fears, make you nightmares disappear
You can talk all you want, but nothing do I really hear

Accentuating, exasperating, a simple demonstration in experimentation
A slip flip, slip drip, every little dip
There's not a lack of power in me to keep a person's feelings fed
I'm educated from your personal pain

Well it's so insane but won't you keep on playing?
It's a slip, slide, slip, dad, call a friend, get another job
To pay another shrink and buy his wife another mink
Let me tell you what I think, I think, I think, I think, I...

Gotta get, gotta get away
I gotta, gotta get away, gotta get away
I'm just trippin', trip a trip trippin'
Never thought you saw it but I see it in me
You gotta get away...
You said it's gonna fix, what happened to the truth?
Gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta
You gotta make a sound, and put the down smile
Gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip
A real trip, you'll be down in a hip
Everybody's trippin' trippin' trippin' trippin'
Don't snip, don't snap, don't get down, it's a trap
Gotta get away, gotta get away, away gotta
A simple observation, mind evaluation
Take your head, try to run away and...

Take that trip to the brain...
Take that trip to the brain...
Everybody's gotta dig it up and gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta;
Take that trip to the brain!

// Hearing Voices //

I got home kind of late last night
My mind wasn't clear, but I could tell something wasn't right

So silent I could hear my  heart pump
But then I heard a sound that made me jump

I tried to get real brave, tried to look around
I tried to find out where came that sound
The re I looked, the less I could see
But the voices keep calling, calling out to me

I hear voices-when I'm all alone
Hearing voices-but there's nobody home
Hear the voices-could it be they're calling out to me
Hearing voices-I look, why can't I see
I hear voices-can't stop those voices

It happened again-the very  next day
I still couldn't understand what they were trying to say
Could only get the courage to open up one eye
Couldn't see nothing, but the voices they don't lie

I searched and searched but not a soul I found
Pretty damn sure no one was around
The more I looked the less I could see
Then I realized the voices were calling from me

Are they demons-or are they angels or am I crazy

Now the voices I start to understand
They have to do with the master plan
You think about what you'd do
Cause one day  the voices will be calling out to you
The voices I hear  now I know are true
They come not from one but they come from two
The real point is what I'm missing
From which voice will I listen

I hear voices
Hearing voices
Do you hear the voices?
Can't stop  the voices

// The Miracle //

I sailed forever, I sailed so far, and now I know
just what the consequences are
I laughed out loud, while I cried inside
But I didn't have the strength to say enough of this ride
Like a fool-I believed in a miracle
I wanted to forget, of what I'm not sure
But I found an answer-it seemed to be a perfect cure

Controlled my actions, controlled my thoughts
Controlled my feelings, and now I feel my body rot-like a fool

I believed in the miracle

Twisting and I'm turning-freezing then I'm burning
Laughing then I'm crying-am I living or am I dying
Swearing then I'm praying-don't even know what I'm saying
Happy then so sad-forgiving then so mad

Do you still, do you still believe, do you still believe in,
Do you still believe in miracles?

Pushing then pulling-who am I fooling
A friend  then a foe-do I really even know?
Love and then hate
Peace then at war-but what am I fighting for
And you always try to
Keep me-oh so sleepy
So I can't realize-that it's all lies
And the more it takes hold of me-the less chance that I'll ever be free
And even though I don't believe-it's so hard to leave-a miracle-a miracle

Waiting-always hesitating-for that perfect day-that day was yesterday
And the more you're gonna wait-the more of a chance that it will be too late

How can you afford to wait, you just can't afford to wait
I shed a tear I won't deny it, but just one tear I already cried it
And now you'll see me cry no more, don't even know what I was crying for

// Suicyco Mania //

(Turn the lights down? I think I lost something)

Ya!

Thrashing…Thrashing…Thrashing…Thrashing…

Mmm, think it over...Mmm, think it over…
Mmm, think it over...Mmm, think I think I think I got

Hey...Hey...Hey...S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Suicyco Mania (Mania-Mania-Mania)

Don't you talk about Lord and even don't look out
(Even don't look out, even)
Don't you talk about Lord, no, you're leaving still (Here, it's for me)
Give me the keys, gonna set you free, going near

Getting closer, when can I see you when you're together?
Where you going with a (Suicyco Mania) You got that (Suicyco Mania)
Go kill 'er (Suicyco Mania) I guess that (Suicyco Mania)

Corridor...Same ol' ten…
It's coming down...so long...right there with you

Getting into some trouble with me, getting it right up for speed
Don't have to get 'em anymore
Taking him into master stains, taking him back to what's-her-name?
Taking him in from salty rain
Then I caught you decimate, get up what you gotta say
Get up what you gotta dare

Ooh...Ooh...Ooh...Ooh (Suicyco Mania)

Feels just like we're being in love when I get you to the sky
Silhouettes have been away
Breaking down this whiskey can, taking down, it's all the same
Getting down, it's all for me
Peter Piper Pickled Liver, whene'er I go see him surf
We go back into the due
We're supposed to let you know, feel like what you gotta go
Feel like what was in a soul

Ooh...Ooh...Ooh...Ooh (Suicyco Mania)

No no no (Wah ha ha ha ha ha)
No no no no no no no (Ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe (Ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Guess again, guess again, guess again, guess again

Think I'm a bitch... Think I'm a bitch...
Think I'm a bitch... Think I'm a bitch...
Think I'm a bitch... Think I'm a bitch...
Think I'm a bitch... You got that (Suicyco Mania)

We're putting in...We're gonna deal it with your...I'm feeling lonely
The rollers still got that (Suicyco Mania) You got that (Suicyco Mania)
Go sit down (Suicyco Mania) We got that (Suicyco Mania)

If you don't know, if you don't know, we never never would

// Surf And Slam //

Surf, surf, surf, surf
Surf, surf, surf, surf
Surf, surf, surf

Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam

Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam
Surf, surf, slam, slam

// If I Don't Wake Up //

Why do I wake up in  the morning-nothing's changed since the day of my birth
Why do I wake up in the morning-I make no difference on  this earth

Strength has left-has to be-something has died inside of me

If I don't wake up in the morning-at my funeral would anyone care
If I don't wake up in the morning-would anyone even be there

You can put me down-you can put me out, you can try to ignore
But now you're gonna hear me when I shout WAKE UP

Why should I wake up in the morning-it be just another wasted day
Why should I wake up in the morning-don't do nothing right anyway

That was then-not anymore-now I go blasting out the door

I'm gonna wake up in the morning-I'll prove you wrong I will not fail
I'm gonna wake up in the morning-I'm gonna blaze a brand new trail

Might not be smart, but if I'm strong
I know for sure no one ever will prove me wrong

// Sorry ?! //

Seems like such a long time ago, but I don't know if I'm ever gonna let
her go. I remember the first time that I met her, I knew she was the
one. There couldn't be anybody better.
Well, I was lost when I looked in her eyes
Well those eyes, those eyes, they made me realize...
Sorry...I didn't know what was to be
Sorry...I could not see
Sorry...Lord how could this be
Sorry...It's raining down on me
Well, I know it sounds crazy to say. But, in everything I do, I think
about that day. Last time I talked to her was on the telephone. She
said I know it's been a while, but I don't feel like being alone. I
slammed down the phone on the last thing I'd hear her say. Now it's
getting harder to live with it every day and I pray, I pray that you
can hear me say
Sorry...I could not see
Sorry...It don't seem fair to me
Sorry...Lord, how could this be
Sorry...It's raining right down on me
Not a day goes by when I do not sit and wonder why this had to be. It
don't seem fair to me. No no, it don't seem fair to me. The more I wish
and pray, the more it seems I waste away. But it would mean oh so much
if I could just reach out and our hands would touch and if I'd just
go back again and do it all over it'd have a happy end.
I know exactly the way I would start. I'd send her a letter straight from
my heart. It doesn't seem fair, why can't I forgive. She was so strung out,
she didn't even have a chance to live and it's oh so hard to forgive.
Sometimes people think I don't know what to say because I'm looking
out in space, but inside I'm praying and I pray, I pray, I pray, pray,
pray and then I think about the day she died. About that night and
in the morning. I cry cry cry and I try, I try to understand
Sorry...I didn't know what was to be
Sorry...It don't seem fair to me
Sorry...Lord I'll always be
Sorry...She died but it's killing me
Wondering about that time when it'll be my day
And I wonder what I'll do and what she'll say and if I'll have the
courage to stay
And I'll start by looking her straight
in the eye and telling her that I'm Sorry

// One Too Many Times //

Never good at talking, so many things I couldn't say
But those thoughts never went away
And I'm sure you remember, said that all I wanted was sympathy,
Now add this to your memory

Too many times-I felt so sad and lonely
Too many times-I needed someone there
Too many times-I tried to tell you something
Too many times-It seemed like no one cared

And I don't like asking-and it's not easy to say...
I never learned how to pray
So if you have a moment it means so much to me oh can't you see...
If you'd just say a prayer for me

Too many times-I didn't even have a second
Too many times-you thought I was much too strong
Too many times-you said the feeling wouldn't last forever
Too many times-I proved you so damn wrong

Saw the changes-thought they'd go away-do you still remember that day
Can't really fault you-only have myself to blame...
But do you still feel the same

Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya?
But I waited so long-for someone to take my hand, and say they understand

And I waited so long-for someone to show the way-to make a better day
and I waited so long-for someone to spare a kiss for the love I miss
And I waited so long-for you to look me in the eye
And say it's worth another try
But yo keep me waiting-waiting-too many times

You keep me waiting, one too many, one too many, one too many times,
Too many times
One too many one too many one too many times too many times
Can't you see yo keep me waiting-one too many times

// The Feeling's Back //

I wrote a letter just the other day to nobody in particular
But if anyone were to read a bit-they'd think I was a bit peculiar
But it matters not what they think of me, it's only what I know is real
And so all that's left that matters now-is that the feeling's back

The feeling's back and you just can't stop it
The feeling's back and you just can't stop it

I fought a thousand times-I never knew the meaning of the word fear
Till that one day when I stood alone-staring straight into the mirror
It's not a pretty sight-and even worse it's so hard to face
Until I realize I'm the only one that put me in this place

I'm gonna breathe I'm gonna live-that's right-nothing's gonna stop me
I7m gonna shout I'm gonna scream-that's right-nothing's gonna stop me
I'm gonna run I'm gonna fly-that's right-nothing's gonna stop me
I'm gonna fight I'm gonna win-that's right-nothing's gonna stop me
Nothing's gonna stop me, nothing's gonna stop me now...
Cause the feeling's back and you gotta love the feeling

I dug my hole too deep-I couldn't admit, I didn't know when to stop
But you can only dig your hole six feet until the dirt comes back on top
I've got a long way left to climb but I'll still look you straight in the eye
And I can honestly say I'll never quit-not even on the day I die

