Album: SuicidalForLife

// Invocation //

Oh yea, know that shit. Sounds so good
I wanna... right along. Yea this is K-Sui,
Cyco Miko here, giving you the easy
muthafuck'n listening sounds for the hard
of muthafuck'n hearing. Yea, busting out on
a whole new perspektive to lock you upside
your head. Get your mind working.
Cause you know it ain't working like it should be.
It's time to think... not think like you think
you think... that ain't thinking, that's just
justifying your inability to accomplish the things
that you're not willing to work for.
So right now time to dig into fuck'n trench.
Get a little cyco. Cause you gotta fuck'n be crazy
to believe in yourself! So what anyone else says...
fuck it! I don't give a fuck!

// Don't Give A Fuck! //

I don't give a shit
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a shit
We don't give a fuck

Your opinion don't mean shit to me
And your shit is about to fall
Your rationale isn't rational
Like bungie jumping off a 6 foot wall
I don't give a shit

Your right and wrong to me is all wrong
And you'll pay if you do me wrong
Politically correct means tag along stupid
And I don't ever tag along
We don't give a fuck

What I am is who I am and I'm proud of who I am
C'est la vie cause to me comes naturally
I don't give a shit

I ain't afraid of the present
I ain't ashamed of my past
And my future's locked in real tight
I don't give a shit

The guns aren't loaded and the fists aren't clenched
But I've taken up a brand new fight
I don't give a fuck

Hip ain't hip and cool ain't cool
But a fool is definitely a fool
New ain't new it is just new to you
But the truth is sad that's true

I don't give a shit
I don't give a fuck
We don't give a fuck, no!

// Suicyco Muthafucka //

Tippy toe thru broken dreams
There goes a little fucked up piece of my brain
Didn't need it anyhow, didn't use it anyhow no way!
My minds been soakin' up so much shit...
now it's cured not like healthy
But cured like marinated dried out fuckin piece of meat

Suicyco muthafucka, suicyco muthafucka
Don't take no shit from no one
Suicyco muthafucka, suicyco muthafucka
Said if you ain't suicidal, you ain't shit

Snap crackle pop it just stopped being funny
Don't know what was said
But don't know if I like it
There's always something funny that just ain't funny
I ain't no muthafucker, never had one never really wanted one
But that don't mean your daughter's safe
Guess that makes me a daughter fucker
Running thru a place I swear I'd never go smash it wow
Never know it could be so much fun,
I remember it now
I remember it now... just like it never was
There's always something funny that just ain't funny

Suicyco muthafucka, suicyco muthafucka
Don't take no shit from no one
Suicyco muthafucka, suicyco muthafucka
I'm suicidal for life

I got to think in a different way
The old way got me nowhere
The new way got me somewhere
But nowhere where I wanted to go or where I belong
I gotta go back to the old way
I tired of people looking at me funny
Not knowing who was in control and who wasn't
Yea I'm not and that's why I'm in control!
Yea fuck it up, fuck it up again,
makes things a hell of a lot simpler
Suicyco muthafucka

// Fucked Up Just Right //

Yea won't you come and get me
I can feel your fear
Yea so if you think you're lucky
I'll be right here!
Ain't no right if there ain't no wrong
And you're wrong to think I'll do you right
Yea I'm fucked up baby, fucked up just right

Yea won't you come and stop me
I can sense your fear
Yea so if you think you've got it
I'll be right there
Ain't no bad if there ain't no good
And it's good to know I get you bad
Yea I'm fucked up baby, fucked up just right

Fucked up just right fucked up that's right

Yea won't you come and hate me
I can smell your fear
Yea so if you're feeling crazy, I'll be right there
Ain't no hot if there ain't no cool
And it's cool to know I get you hot
Yea I'm fucked up baby, fucked up just right

Yea won't you come and hurt me
I can taste your fear
Yea so if you got a death wish
I'll be right here
Ain't no right if there ain't no wrong
And you're wrong to think I'll do you right
Yea I'm fucked up baby, fucked up just right

It makes no fuck'n sense that makes no sense to me
Can't make no fuck'n sense that makes no sense to me

You make no fuck'n sense that make no sense to me

Fucked up just right!

// No Bullshit //

No bullshit

I hate the things you believe
Your truth is built upon lies
I can't believe in a trend
I won't be living no lie

No bullshit

I hate everything you say
I ain't got time for your shit
I refused to be played
I won't be living no lie

No bullshit! That's where I stand
No bullshit! That's how I'm living my life

No bullshit

I hate the way that you are
I can't believe in your ways
I refuse to be hip
I won't be living your lie

// What Else Could I Do //

For a moment it seems
That this moment won't end
So I pray for the end
Wasting my time, waiting for mercy
You sold me out just for the joy of hurting me
So I pray for the end

Rest my child and be still
Tortured thoughts become real

My heart stops such a rush
Causes me to go numb
Wonder what next will come
Sitting alone in my misery
I'd like to mike.

What more can I do?
What else could I do?
Fucked up feelings - kill
What else could I do?
What else can you do?
What else could I do?

I lost again, once again
I don't know where to start
Now I'm back at the start
You lied when you told me it would save me
Now taste the fucked up feelings you gave me
I lost again, once again

// What You Need's A Friend //

I leach off you when things are good
I'm there to kick you when you're down
But when you need me I'm not there
You're such a bummer when you're down

Let's see - what you need's a friend
They say - that all you need's a friend
I know - what you need's a friend
Hello - I could use a...
What you need's a friend - all you need's a friend

And of course we always share
So what I want you better give
And what is yours is mine
And what is mine you can't have

I'd do anything for you - anything
Just you ask me and it's done - anything
But everything has its price
You should have read the fine print ha-ha!
Friend. Hi, friend. Friend. It's me friend!

What you need's a friend. All you need's a friend
What you need's another friend. You never can have
enough friends. Don't you wanna be my friend?
I'm so glad you're my friend. Sucker

Of course you know who I am
And I'll never let you forget
You are stuck with me forever
Or until you have nothin' more to give

// I Wouldn't Mind //

I wouldn't mind.

Every messed up feeling has its day
Every screwed up person gets revenge
Every jacked up moment will come back
Every twisted thought will have its shot

I wouldn't mind seeing you shaken with fear
I wouldn't mind hearing you screaming in pain
I wouldn't mind hearing you cry like a baby
I wouldn't mind hearing you beggin' for your life

Makes me feel the joy rise thru my soul
Makes me think that there's hape after all
Makes me wanna shout and jump for joy
Makes me feel the purpose after all

I wouldn't mind seeing you shaken with fear
I wouldn't mind seeing you screamin' in pain
I wouldn't mind seeing you dead!
I wouldn't mind.I wouldn't mind.
I wouldn't mind seeing blood squirting from your veins
I wouldn't mind hearing you beg for your life
I wouldn't mind.I wouldn't mind seeing you dead

// Depression And Anguish //

Travels thru my veins poisoning my soul
Makes me hate myself, makes my anger blow
Suffocates the hope - eats away my will
Traps in all the hate - depression

And I don't wanna feel this way - but I can't stop it at all
And I don't wanna hurt no more - but I can't stop it at all
And I don't wanna lie here numb - but I can't stop it at all
And I don't wanna have to give in - but I can't stop it at all

Depression - it's got me I fought it - it whupped me
Depression and anguish the poison's inside me

Why can't I just make it end - I'm tired of feeling this way
Why can't I just let me be - I'm tired of feeling this way
Why can't I just have a break - I'm tired of feeling this way
Why can't I just go away - I'm tired of feeling this...

Depression and anguish the battle can't take this
Depression is poison the damage is all done
And I don't deserve this oh, no
And I don't wanna feel this no

Digs into my heart roots sprout thru my brain
Plants it's ugly thoughts growing wild again
Shuts all systems off, locks me in a haze
Traps in all the hate - depression

And I don't have the strength to scream, but here it comes again
And I don't have the sense to cry, but here it comes again
And I don't have the will to fight, but here it comes again
And I don't have the choice to quit, and here it comes again

Depression and anguish the battle can't take this
Depression is poison the damage is done
Depression it's got me I fight it but why me
Depression and anguish the poison's inside me

// Evil //

Evil evil evil
You make me feel so
Evil evil evil
You make me wanna get

I tried to shield my soul from you
But your evil sleeped on thru
Cause you're evil
I tried to hide in thought but I always end up caught
Thinking about getting evil evil
I don't know why I fight this feeling
When I should take it out on you

Evil evil evil
You make my thoughts turn to
Evil evil evil
You make me wanna get

Delaying the suspense, destroy all innocence
And my thoughts turn to evil evil
Cooking up the hate du jour, the symptom is the cure
And I'm gonna get evil evil
It's the last thing that I wanted
But it's the first thing I should get
Make mine evil locked in evil

As my resistance is spent my actions get all bent
And it's time to get evil evil
My morals reach the junction
Where my conscience stops its function
And I'm gonna get evil evil
It's the last thing I was thinking
So it's thing that I'll do

Evil evil evil evil

// Love Vs Loneliness //

How can you love someone
If you think that you're no one
When you mistreat yourself,
and think it's all you deserve
Cause it's so hard to care
Is this or is it loneliness?

How can you demand respect - when you have no respect?
When you abuse your body, never mind your mind
And you're your own worst victim
There'll be no love just loneliness

Why do you force a smile - when you know all the while
That you're burning inside, but don't want no one to know
The hell that you're in
As love turns to loneliness

How can you sleep at night?
When you know it's not alright
When you wake up in the morning, nothin' has changed
If you do nothin' about it
Love becomes loneliness
Love vs loneliness, love vs loneliness

And when you're down and you think you need something
The temptations so hard to resist
But what you grab sure ain't what you needed
That's not love it's loneliness
And when you're lonely and think you need someone
The plot a painful twist
There ain't no one that can make you feel like someone
Only you can cure loneliness

How can you be confident when you're all wrong with it
When you know what you're doing and you're doing it wrong
It's no misunderstanding
This ain't love this is loneliness
How can you love someone - if you think that you're no one?

// Benediction //

Oh yea, back again. Hope you've enjoyed our little excursions.
Tipping, toeing thru the mind of a muthafucka that need's
a little fuck'n stomping on. Yea, but don't take it wrong,
see we ain't trying to tell you how to think, we're just
trying to get you to think. And we ain't trying to control
nobody, we want the people (individually speaking) to be
in control, to know who they are and what they want to be.
Yea, and question authority, what the fuck but not for sake
of argument, but because you took the time to analyze it
and you found a better fuck'n way, not just a fuck'n excuse
to complain. And beware of people who try to use you as
statistic to back their claims of power, that use you simply
as a vehicle to get themselves where they want to, with no
reference to your best interest except for their disclaimer
that their best interest is your best interest.
And remember... cool is only 3 letters away from fool!

