// January 28th //

Rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune?
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
Yeah

The real is back, the ville is back
Flow bananas, here, peel this back
And what you'll find is, your highness
Can paint a picture that is vivid enough to cure blindness
Carolina's finest, you knew that already
In terms of the greatest, I proved that already
And if you would like, I do it twice
I just sharpen my blade for a minute became lost in my ways
This for my niggas that was tossed in the graves
Every so often I fade deep in my thoughts
And then get lost in the days
We used to play before your coffin was made
Just got the call nigga got caught with a stray
Hope he's okay
Just got paid what Cochran got paid to free OJ
Just to share my life on the stage in front of strangers
Who know a nigga far too well, and that's the danger
Know me better than I know myself
I rip a page out my notebook in anger
And let these thoughts linger, singing

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

What's the price for a black man life?
I check the toe tag, not one zero in sight
I turn the TV on, not one hero in sight
Unless he dribble or he fiddle with mics
Look out the window cause tonight the city lit up with lights
Cameras and action
May no man alive come through and damage my faction
I brought you niggas with me cause I love you like my brothers
And your mothers' like my mother
Think we need a plan of action
The bigger we get the more likely egos collide, it's just physics
Please let's put our egos aside, you my niggas
And should our worst tendencies turn us into enemies
I hope that we remember these
Nights fulla Hennessey
When Hov around we switch up to that D'usse
Gotta show respect, one day we tryna stay where you stay
Cause we from where you from
Not talkin' bout the slums
I'm talkin' 'bout that mind state that keep a black nigga dumb
Keep a black nigga dyin' by a black nigga gun
And keep on listening to the frontin' ass rap niggas sun
Yeah I said 'sun'
This is New York's finest
For 11 winters straight I took on New York's climate
Like show me New York's ladder
I climb it and set the bar so high that you gotta get Obama to force the air force to find it
Never mind it, you'll never reach that
Cole is the hypnotist, control the game whenever he snap
That's every track, nigga

Don't give 'em too much you
Don't let 'em take control
It's one thing you do
Don't let 'em taint your soul
If you believe in God
One thing's for sure
If you ain't aim too high
Then you aim too low

I ain't serve no pies, I ain't slang no dope
I don't bring no lies, niggas sang my quotes
I don't play no games, boy I ain't no joke
Like the great Rakim, when I make my notes
You niggas might be L or you might be Kane
Or you might be Slick Rick with 19 chains
Or you might be Drizzy Drake or Kendrick Lamar
But check your birth date nigga, you ain't the God
Nah you ain't the God
Nigga, Cole the God (Cole the God, Cole the God)
January 28th

Make a million dollars off a rap tune
Can I make a million dollars off a rap tune
(Sound of baby laughing)
I'm tryna make a million dollars off a rap tune
I wanna make a million dollars of a rap tune
I'm gonna make a million dollars off a rap tune

// Wet Dreamz //

Cole, Cole world, yeah
Let me take y'all back, man
As I do so well

Wasn't nothin' like that
Man, it wasn't nothin' like that first time
She was in my math class
Long hair, brown skin with a fat ass
Sat beside me, used to laugh, had mad jokes
The teacher always got mad so we passed notes
It started off so innocent
She had a vibe and a nigga started diggin' it
I was a youngin, straight crushin', tryna play the shit cool
But a nigga couldn't wait to get to school
Cause when I seen 'em thighs on her
And them hips on her and them lips on her
Got me daydreaming, man, what
I'm thinkin' how she rides on it, if she sits on it, if she licks on it
Make it hard for me to stand up
As time goes by, attractions getting deep, and
Wet dreaming, thinkin' that I'm smashin', but I'm sleepin'
I want it bad, and I ain't never been obsessed before
She wrote a note that said "You ever had sex before?"
Damn…

[Hook:]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

I wrote back and said, "Of course I had sex before"
Knowing I was frontin'
I said, "I'm like a pro, baby," knowing I was stuntin'
But if I told the truth, I knew that I'd get played out, son
Hadn't been in pussy since the day I came out one
But, she don't know that, so she done wrote back and told me
"Oh, you a pro, homie? Well, I want you to show me
My mama gone for the weekend
So Saturday, baby, we can get to freakin'"
That's when my heart start racing and my body start sweatin'
Baby, you done woke my lil' man up
I'm thinking how that body look naked
When you laying on the bed
Teacher, please don't make me stand up
I wrote back like "Yeah, baby, sound like a plan"
Still trying to play it cool, sound like the man
But I was scared to death, my nigga, my stomach turnin'
Talking shit, knowing damn well I was a virgin, fuck

[Hook:]
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

You know that feeling when you know you finna bone for the first time?
I'm hoping that she won't notice it's my first time
I'm hoping that my shit is big enough to fuck with
And most of all I'm praying, "God, don't let me bust quick"
I'm watching pornos, trying to see just how to stroke right
Practice putting condoms on, how it go, right?
I'm in her crib, now a nigga palms sweatin'
With a pocket full of rubbers and an erection
That's when my hands start touchin'
And her face start blushin', and a nigga roll over on top
And then she get my pants unbuckled
And her hands start rubbin' on me, ooh girl, don't stop
It's time for action: pull out the condoms real smooth
Yeah, just how I practiced
But right before I put it in, she flinched and grabbed it
And said, "I wanna get something off my mental
I can tell you're a pro, but baby, be gentle, cause..."

[Hook:]
Cause I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, nooo
I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no
And I ain't never did this before, no

// '03 Adolescence //

I grew up, a fuckin' screw up
Tie my shoe up, wish they was newer
Damn, need somethin' newer
In love with the baddest girl in the city, I wish I knew her
I wish I won't so shy, I wish I was a bit more fly
I wish that I, could tell her how I really feel inside
That I'm the perfect nigga for her, but then maybe that's a lie
She like a certain type of nigga, and it's clear I'm not that guy
Ball player, star player, I'm just watchin' from the side
On the bench, cause my lack of confidence won't let me fly
I ain't grow up with my father, I ain't thinkin' bout that now
Fast forward four years or so from now I'll probably cry
When I realize what I missed, but as of now my eyes are dry
Cause I'm tryna stay alive,
In the city where too many niggas die
Dreamin' quiet tryna dodge a suit and tie
Who am I? Aye who am I? (Yeah)

Things change, rearrange and so do I
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I always did shit the hard way, my niggas *** slangin' in the hallway
Burnt CD's and trees like this was broadway, Times Square
Kept the dimes there in the locker
Some Reggie Miller
With more brown hairs than Chubacca
Whispers that he got it for the low low
Sell a, dime for a dub, them white boys ain't know no better
Besides, what's twenty dollars to a nigga like that?
He tell his pops he need some lunch and he gon' get it right back
I peep game
Got home snatched my mama keychain, took her whip
The appeal, too ill to refrain
I hit the boulevard pull up to my nigga front door
His mama at home, she still let em' hit the blunt though
I told her hello and sat with my nigga and laughed
And talked about how we gon' smash all the bitches in class
I complimented how I see him out here getting his cash, and just asked
"What a nigga gotta do to get that? Put me on"
He just laughed when he seen I was sure
17 years breathing his demeanor said more
He told me, "Nigga you know how you sound right now?
You won't my mans, I would think that you a clown right now
Listen, you everything I wanna be that's why I fucks with you
So how you looking up to me, when I look up to you
You bout to go get a degree, I'ma be stuck with two choices
Either graduate to weight or selling number two
For what? A hundred bucks or two a week?
Do you think that you would know what to do if you was me?
I got, four brothers, one mother that don't love us
If they ain't never want us why the fuck they never wore rubbers?"
I felt ashamed to have ever complained about my lack of gear
And thought about how far we done came
From trailer park to a front yard with trees in the sky
Thank you mama dry your eyes, there ain't no reason to cry
You made a genius and I, ain't gon' take it for granted
I ain't gon' settle for lesser, I ain't gon' take what they handed
Nah I'm gon' take what they owe me and show you that I can fly
And show ol' girl what she missing
The illest nigga alive
Aye who am I?

Things change, rearrange and so do I (Aye who am I?)
It ain't always for the better dawg I can't lie (Aye who am I?)
I get high cause the lows can be so cold
I might bend a little bit but I don't fold
One time for my mind and two for yours
I got food for your thoughts to sooth your soul
If you see my tears fall just let me be
Move along, nothing to see

I never felt better

// A Tale Of 2 Citiez //

Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees my nigga
Used to want a pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need my nigga
Throw some 20's on that bitch and get it rinsed
But now I see my nigga
That the worlds a lot bigger ever since
Picked up the paper and they say my nigga Eddie caught a body, I'm convinced
Anybody is a killer, all you gotta do is push 'em to the limps
Fuck being timid in the Civic
Politicin' with the pushers and the pimps
I'm tryna write a story, can I get a glimpse?
Yeah can I get a glimpse?

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
They robbin' niggas on the daily
Can you blame a nigga that ain't never had things?
Guess not, last night they pulled up on my nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Small town nigga Hollywood dreams
I know that everything that glitters ain't gold
I know that shit ain't always good as it seems
But tell me till you get it how could you know
How could you know? How could you know?

Listen up I'm about to go and get rich
Fuck with me my nigga
We gon' circle around the Ville and hit a lick
Cop some tree my nigga
And some powder, bag it up and make it flip
You gon' see my nigga
One day we gon' graduate and cop a brick
And that's the key my nigga
Listen up I'm bout to go and get rich
Stand back and watch if you want to nigga
Me I want my pockets fat, a badder bitch
Tired of seein' niggas flaunt, I wanna flaunt too nigga
Watch some rollers in the fuckin' Crown Vic
Tryna lock a nigga up, that's what they won't do nigga
Wanna know a funny thing about this shit?
Even if you let em' kill your dream it'll haunt you nigga

Last night I had a bad dream
That I was trapped in this city
Then I asked is that really such a bad thing?
I look around like do you wanna be another nigga, that ain't never had things?
Guess not, last night we pulled up on a nigga at the light like
Uh, nice watch, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air, run it
Hands in the air now, hands in the air
Hands in the air now, hands in the air

Father forgive me for my childish ways
I look outside and all the clouds are gray
I need your hands to take me, miles away
Your wish is my command, my command, my command, but
Before you go I've got to, warn you now
Whatever goes up surely, must come down
You get your piece but no peace, won't be found
So why just take me man, take me man, take me man
Your wish is my command, my command, my command

// Fire Squad //

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

Ain't a way around it no more, I am the greatest
A lotta niggas sat on the throne, I am the latest
I am the bravest, go toe to toe with the giants
I ain't afraid of you niggas, I'll end up fading you niggas
'Fore it's all said and done, this nigga need medicine
My uzi, it weighed a ton, I need me a better gun
In fact I just might need two, cause niggas say they the one
And I got something to prove
Forgive me lord here they come, BLAOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

My inhibition's fighting my intuition
Premature premonition, showing me the demolition
Of these phony niggas, so ahead of my time
Even when I rhyme about the future I be reminiscing
You want the truth well come and listen
I'm like that time you bagged a dime and checked ya phone and saw it was a number missing
As fate passes you by, half of you try
The other half of you fry, too high to actually fly
One day y'all have to decide, who you gon' be
A scary nigga or a nigga that's gon' rule like me
Keep it true like me, Cole you might be
Like the new Ice Cube, meets the new Ice-T
Meets 2 Live Crew, meets the new Spike Lee
Meets Bruce like Wayne, meets Bruce like Lee
Meets '02 Lil Wayne, in a new white tee
Meets KD, ain't no nigga that can shoot like me! BLAOOOW

Nigga why you actin' like a ho?
Know that I'ma ride for ya, either way it go
Tell me, girl why you be stressin' me for time?
When you tell me you love me, can't you see I'm tryna climb?
Damn my nigga why you actin' like a bitch?
If you scared to take a chance, how the fuck we gon' get rich?
Come here baby why you always insecure?
Hold on tight to a nigga and be sure

(Who's the king?)
Came from the bottom nigga, with stains on my shirt
What you expected from me, I came from the dirt
(Who's the king?)
Money my motivator, the songs that I sing
Picture a peasant passin' from pawn to a king
You tell me ya still love me, if so then let me go
Will I return or will I burn, never know
Look in my eyes and see the future
But don't sugar coat it

Listen
History repeats itself and that's just how it goes
Same way that these rappers always bite each others flows
Same thing that my nigga Elvis did with Rock n Roll
Justin Timberlake, Eminem and then Macklemore
While silly niggas argue over who gon' snatch the crown
Look around, my nigga, white people have snatched the sound
This year I’ll prolly go to the awards dappered down
Watch Iggy win a Grammy as I try to crack a smile
I'm just playin', but all good jokes contain true shit
Same rope you climb up on, they'll hang you with
But not Jermaine, my aim too sick
I bang nigga, I came to bring the pain my brain too quick
You see how I maneuver this game, I ain't stupid
I recognize that life is a dream, and I dream lucid
And break the chains and change minds
One verse at a time, and claim 2-6
And fuck it, if the shoe fits, who's the king?

We all kings
(We all kings nigga)
Kings of ourselves first and foremost
(True)
While the people debate who's the king of this rap game
Here comes lil' ol' Jermaine
With every ounce of strength in his veins
To snatch the crown from whoever y'all think has it
But rather than place it on his head as soon as he grabs it
Poof, boom, paow, it's like magic
With a flash and a BANG the crown disintegrates
And falls to the Earth from which it came
It's done
Ain't gonna be no more kings
Be wary of any man that claims
Because deep down he clings onto the need for power
The reality, he's a coward
Ultimately he's scared to die
And sometimes so am I
But when I'm in tune with the most high
I realize, the fear lies in my lack of awareness of the other side
Today I know that we are the same, are the same, you and I
Different kind of skin, different set of eyes
Two different minds, but only one God
(It's only one God nigga)
It's for all the kings
Cause I know deep down every poet just wanna be loved

// St. Tropez //

Roll up and smoke my sins away
I'd like to go to St. Tropez
Maybe I'll go maybe I'll stay
Maybe I'll stay
She asked me if I'm scared to fly
To tell the truth I'm terrified
I never been that high before
Very bad reason not to go
Terrible reason not to go

He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's about to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

Ay from the door I showed you my scars and I told you girl, I won't lie
If we at war, then this is a war that I can't afford (No I, I, I)
I wanted more but that was before
Lord knows I'm torn, so I...I.. cry
From the corner of my eye, baby
It's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile
Lately, it's been hard for me to smile

If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home
If you won't take me in your home

He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
Show him the way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood
He's on his way, he's 'bout to get paid
He's on his way to Hollywood

// G.O.M.D. //

Hollywood Cole go
Ay Hollywood
Ay Hollywood Cole go
My nigga done went Hollywood

You wanna know just where I'm at
Well let me tell you 'bout it
I put my city on the map
But let me tell you 'bout it
They tryna say I can't come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
Man fuck them niggas I come back
Ay let me tell you 'bout it
I wanna tell you 'bout it
Hands up, everybody run
Cole outside and he say he got a gun
Niggas like "man that's what everybody say"
Go and pop the trunk and everybody dead
Everybody scared of the nigga
Aware that the nigga is better
All my bitches the pick of the litter
Never bitter
Niggas is faker than anime
Me I never hate, get cake like Anna Mae
Eat the cake bitch, eat the damn cake
Fuck good nigga we demand great
Order Domino's and she take off all her clothes
Nigga you know how it goes, make the pizza man wait
The best kept secret
Even Hov tried to keep it and I leaked the damn tape
Rest in peace any nigga want beef
Secret service couldn't keep the man safe

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick
(Get the fuck off my dick nigga)
Get off my dick, bitch
(Get the fuck off my dick)
Get off my dick

Man fuck them niggas I come home and I don't tell nobody
They gettin' temporary dough and I don't tell nobody
Lord will you tell me if I changed, I won't tell nobody
I wanna go back to Jermaine, and I won't tell nobody
This is the part that the thugs skip
Young nigga never had love
You know, foot massage, back rub shit
Blowing bubbles in the bathtub shit
That is until I met you
Together we done watch years go by
Seen a river of your tears go by
Got me thinkin' bout some kids, still I
Tell them hoes come through
(The break up)
Get to know somebody and you really learn a lot about 'em
Won't be long 'fore you start to doubt 'em
Tell yourself you better off without 'em
Then in time you will find can't walk without 'em
Can't talk without 'em, can't breathe without 'em
Came here together, you can't leave without 'em
So you walk back in, make a scene about 'em
On your Amerie it's just 1 thing about 'em
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
No more, no more
It's called love
Niggas don't sing about it no more
Don't nobody sing about it no more
(Nigga I don't sing about this shit no more)
But every nigga in the club singing

I said to the window, to the wall
My nigga ride when I call
Got bitches all in my mind
Fuck nigga blocking my shine
I know the reason you feel the way
I know just who you wan' be
So everyday I thank the man upstairs
That I ain't you and you ain't me

Get off my dick
But every nigga in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
Got all the bitches in the club singing
Singing this song yeah
And all they mamas let their kids sing it
Sing this song yeah
The baby mamas and the mistresses
this song yeah, song yeah
Song yeah, song song yeah

(The make up)
(The make up) This shit is retarded, goddamn
Why every rich black nigga gotta be famous
Why every broke black nigga gotta be brainless
That's a stereotype
Driven by some people up in Ariel Heights
Here's a scenario
Young Cole pockets is fat like Lil Terrio
Dreamville, give us a year we'll be on every show
Yeah fuck nigga I'm very sure
Fuck the rest I'm the best nigga out
When I'm back home I'm the best in the South
When I'm in LA I'm the best in the West
You contest? You can test, I'mma stretch niggas out
Ooh I'mma stretch niggas out
That go for y'all if I left niggas out
This shit for everybody on my testicle
Please make sure you put the rest in your mouth, hoe

// No Role Modelz //

First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil
For real, you the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant I'mma be a better you
Prophesies that I made way back in the Ville
Fulfill, Listen even back when we was broke my team ill
Martin Luther King would have been on Dreamville
Talk to a nigga

[Pre-hook:]
One time for my LA sisters
One time for my LA hoes
Lame niggas can't tell the difference
One time for a nigga who knows

[Hook:]
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved
Don't save her
She don't wanna be saved

No role models and I'm here right now
No role models to speak of
Searchin' through my memory, my memory
I couldn't find one
Last night I was gettin' my feet rubbed
By the baddest bitch, not Trina, but I swear to God
This bitch will make you call your girl up and tell her "Hey, what's good?"
"Sorry I'm never comin' home I'mma stay for good"
Then hang the phone up, and proceed to lay the wood
I came fast like 9-1-1 in white neighborhoods
Ain't got no shame bout it
She think I'm spoiled and I'm rich cause I can have any bitch
I got defensive and said "Nah, I was the same without it"
But then I thought back, back to a better me
Before I was a B-list celebrity
Before I started callin' bitches bitches so heavily
Back when you could get a platinum plaque without no melody
You wasn't sweatin' me

[Pre-hook]

[Hook]

I want a real love, dark skinned and Aunt Viv love
That Jada and that Will love
That leave a toothbrush at your crib love
And you ain't gotta wonder whether that's your kid love
Nigga I don't want no bitch from reality shows
Out of touch with reality hoes
Out in Hollywood bringin' back 5 or 6 hoes
Fuck em' then we kick em' to the door
Nigga you know how it go
She deserved that, she a bird, it's a bird trap
You think if I didn't rap she would flirt back
Takin' off her skirt, let her wear my shirt before she leave
I'mma need my shirt back
Nigga you know how it go

[Pre-hook]

[Hook]

There's an old saying in Tennessee - I know it's in Texas - probably in Tennessee that says fool me once, shame on - shame on you.
If you fool me we can't get fooled again

Fool me one time shame on you
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you
Fool me three times, fuck the peace signs
Load the chopper, let it rain on you
[2x]

My only regret was too young for Lisa Bonet
My only regret was too young for Nia Long
Now all I'm left with is hoes from reality shows
Hand her a script the bitch probably couldn't read along
My only regret was too young for Sade Adu
My only regret could never take Aaliyah home
Now all I'm left with is hoes up in Greystone
With the stale face cause they know it's they song
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)
She shallow but the pussy deep (she shallow, she shallow)

[Hook 2x]

// Hello //

[Pre-Hook:]
Hello [x6]

[Hook:]
And I thought about you today
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the things we did
And I thought about your newest kid
And damn that makes 2 now
Oh what do I do now?

Cause if we ever got together
I'd have to be them niggas step-pops forever
And well that ain't my thing cause I
I ain't even got my own
And I ain't really got no home
No place to put these things I own
And I thought about the things you used to say
And I thought about the games you used to play
And I thought about that little kid
And I thought about the things we did
I always thought that we would be together
I always knew that we would be together
But I don't wanna wait forever
I don't wanna wait forever

[Pre-Hook]

Hello, hello?
Shit seem so sad when you look back [x9]
Everything's so sad when you look back

On the rebound like a book back
On the rebound like a put back
Don't just sit back, bitch get on it
Time fly by way too quick don't it
Reflection bring regrets don't it
Rejection makes you defensive
So you protect your pride with your reflexes
But life is a game with no reset on the end

It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It ain't no lookin' back, no, no, no, no
It's all good
[x2]

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook]

// Apparently //

Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

This is my canvas
I'mma paint it how I want it baby, oh I
This is my canvas
I'mma paint it, paint it, paint it, how I want it nigga
Fuck you 'cause there
There is no right or wrong
Only a song
I like to write alone
Be in my zone
Think back to Forest Hills, no perfect home
But the only thing like home I've ever known
Until they snatched it from my mama
And foreclosed her on the loan
I'm so sorry that I left you there to deal with that alone
I was up in New York City chasin' panties, gettin' dome
Had no clue what you was goin' through
How could you be so strong?
And how could I be so selfish?
I know I can be so selfish
I could tell by how I treat you with my girl
Damn, she so selfless, but she put up with my way
Because she loves me like you do
And though it don't always show I love her just like I love you
And I need to treat you better
Wish you could live forever, so we could spend more time together
I love you mama

I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

Apparently, You believe in me, You believe in me
Apparently, You believe in me and I thank you for it

Another day another rhyme hoe
Another day another time zone
Today I woke up feelin' horny so it's only right
I got two bitches playin' on my trombone
Keep up, never sure where the words would take me
Niggas eat em up, and regurgitate me
Shit jumped tight never slurred it lazy
Give a virgin the urge to rape me
Nigga please
Best friends really make great for enemies
My watch came niggas can't wait for one of these
I see you nigga, this ain't no Rolex, it's a AP nigga
I'm hot dog, catch up to me nigga
Uh, couldn't resist
Aim for the stars and I shouldn't have missed
But I was ridin' on fumes so I stopped by the moon
Now I'm sittin' on the hood of this bitch
Like thanks for the view
Waitin' on thanks from a few 'cause without me you wouldn't exist
You know that shit gave you the blueprint don't forget
Cold as your phone on zero percent
Going off, now niggas showin' off
Niggas swear they hard but they flowin' soft
I'm taking off like boing on a big ass Boeing
Gettin' head like a coin toss
Too easy

I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been unfaithful
I don't know why You call on me

Apparently, You believe in me, You believe in me
Apparently, You believe in me and I thank you for it

// Love Yourz //

Love yours
Love yours
No such thing

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas, mad snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived
Don't be sleepin' on your level cause it's beauty in the struggle nigga
Goes for all y'all
It's beauty in the struggle nigga
(Let me explain)
It's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
Hear my words or listen to my signal of distress
I grew up in the city and though some times we had less
Compared to some of my niggas down the block
Man, we were blessed
And life can't be no fairytale, no once upon a time
But I be God damned if a nigga don't be tryin'
So tell me mama please why you be drinking all the time?
Does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
Cause pain still lingers on mine
On the road to riches listen this is what you'll find
The good news is nigga you came a long way
The bad news is nigga you went the wrong way
Think being broke was better

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

For what's money without happiness?
Or hard times without the people you love
Though I'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
I asked for strength from the Lord up above
Cause I've been strong so far
But I can feel my grip loosening
Quick, do something before you lose it for good
Get it back and use it for good
And touch the people how you did like before
I'm tired of living with demons
Cause they always inviting more
Think being broke was better
Now I don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
To all my niggas out there living in debt
Cashing minimal checks
Turn on the TV see a nigga Rolex
And fantasize about a life with no stress
I mean this shit sincerely
And that's a nigga who was once in your shoes
Living with nothin' to lose
I hope one day you hear me
Always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga feel me
Long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
Always gon' be a whip that's better than the one you got
Always gon' be some clothes
That's fresher than the ones you rock
Always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
But you ain't never gon' be happy till you love yours

No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing as a life that's better than yours
No such thing, no such thing

Heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
Fake niggas, mad snakes
Snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrive

// Note To Self //

[Hook:]
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter
It don't matter
I don't mind cause you don't matter
I don't mind cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter)
You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old is forever
Something that's old is forever
Love
Love
Love
Love

[Hook]

[Outro:]
Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. We made it, baby! As we speak the last sample just cleared. Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit. Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit. I gotta do my thank you's man. I didn't have enough time to turn my thank you's for the artwork, so fuck it. I'm a do it right now

This is the credits. This is role credits nigga, if you don't wanna sit through the credits get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre. First and foremost my entire Dreamville team, thank you man. Before that I'm buggin, thank you God! Oh my God. Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing

Thank you God. Thank my Dreamville family. Mez who fuckin' sleep right now, that nigga ain't even recording this thing right now. Nigga's been working' hard man, Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit. Ib what up. El Presidente what up! We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga! I don't give a fuck if we sell 3 copies nigga, we killed this shit nigga!

My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real. Ron Gilmore, my nigga. Yes, Camille, yes that's my sister. Casey, that's like a father figure right there, Casey. My brother Ced, wow, we done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray Street. My nigga Felton, you killed it, you killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga and you killed this one too man. I shoulda been coming to you man. You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real. My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity, you already know where he at right now posted up somewhere in D.R. My nigga RJ Trump Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread, you know what it is man. My nigga Diz, I see you, I see your vision, I believe in you. I love y'all niggas. Big D, thank you man for real. (Teddy what up) (Shotgun) We believe in y'all, (Proof!) you and the fiends, my nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it nigga! (Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'. Keep goin', the sky is the limit. Fuck that, man, Super Mooking Fiends. It's Super Mooking Fiends nigga!

My nigga Depp, you know what I mean? Razzle Dazzle, Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite what up! What up man, my nigga Reagan put in them hours! My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes, that shit is a confirmed classic, man. Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'. Yo Elijah! Aye if we go diamond, nigga you got the triple crown, man. First 50, then Usher, nigga you fuckin' out of here. But we might go wood though. Nervous Wreck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you. (At least go silver) Filthy, I love you too, man. I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you. Yo shout to the young niggas, man. Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man, we feel so grateful

Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga. I be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man. I've been livin' with that shit for like the past 4 days, I finally got a chance to slow down. That shit is a classic, my nigga. Congratulations to you. We don't give a fuck what it sold, I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man. And I'm proud of you, man. I'm proud of you and your homeboys. Y'all it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow. I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than we did! I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time. Shout out to the whole committee, man. Tone, Meez, what up. My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man? Treat them boys right, man

Everybody that was involved in makin' this album, my nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up man!? Yo you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man! You gotta loop the beat up right now though cause it can't... okay Raff, Rugged Raff, Perfect Sound Studios, LA we couldn't have did it without you. My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS, Kaye Fox came through and killed it. My nigga Quick with the clean versions, Vinylz killed that beat! My nigga Phonix, oh that beat is hard! Dahi brought that beat, who does that? Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you man, and Willie B, I never met you, but you did the beat.! llmind you killed the beat, Social Experiment, my nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean? Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man! We gon' pay you. Hey, the horn players that came through, I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man, we was lovin' that shit! Shout out to all the girls on the mothafuckin' strings. We appreciate it. Guess that shit a little wild, I ain't gon' lie. Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph. But it's all good, we still killed it though. And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you, y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man! I'm a go to the fuckin' Supreme Court and try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man. If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art, and you put it into the world, I should be able to use it however the fuck I want. I'm a pay you, I'm a give you a percentage, but you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it. Ya, that's fuckin'... that's fucked up nigga. You was inspired by the world allow the world to be inspired by your shit, and to use your shit. So all them people like [*censored*] or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit, fuck that man. It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit. Fuck that man we movin' on

Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale, I'm so happy to be peers with y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends. And I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick. I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man. We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man, it's love at the top. Can't you believe, it's crazy to believe we sitting right here in these mother fuckin' seats right now. 15 years ago we was lookin' at these niggas like "man we gotta be these niggas! ". Now we those niggas, but it's our responsibility to show these niggas man it's love up here. Niggas want beef, niggas want drama, fuck that we comin' together

Shout out to everybody in Ferguson right now still ridin', still ridin'. Everybody else asleep, y'all still ridin'. And it's bigger than Ferguson, man that shit is fuckin' nationwide man. We gotta come together, look at each other, love each other. We share a common story nigga that's pain, struggle. And guess what man, we can come together, and that's one things that's gon' do it, that's love. I'm just telling y'all, that's a Public Service Announcement

Back to this shit, yo. ByStorm, I love y'all niggas man, no matter what. Wayne, Just, MK thank you man you came on board and killed it. Natalya, what's up! My nigga Julius Garcia, I already shouted you out but I shouted out your alias and I just put your whole government on record and this gon' live forever. Tisha, Tisha, you know I love you Tisha!

Future the Prince, thank you for those conversations man I needed that.Roc Nation daamnn, we feel like a family now man, forreal. It was always family but it's so ill to see us come together on this album, thank y'all very much man. Thank y'all for believing, I know this is a scary idea, I don't know if it's gonna work or not, as I speak, I don't gave a fuck! Fuck man, I'm just happy we did this shit. Shout out to Nelly, Ted, Christina, Chaka I love you, Jeff what up, Jay-Z, Hov, holla! Jay Brown what up! Rich Kleiman, Ty-Ty, my nigga Emory, you know what it is

Shout out to Interscope. Yeah, Joey I.E, 'preciate you, Janet, Gary, Steve Berman, yeah. Columbia, we love y'all man, damn. I'm runnin out of breath and shit. I'm sad this is my last album with Columbia, it's not my fault it's all contractual, but I love the fuck out of y'all, we made relationships there that ain't never going away (Lisa Wiggins!). Ain't never know what the future holds man. We hope we can do business some day. April, thank you very much my baby, Ayelet, you are a legend, we fuckin' love you

CJ same to you man, y'all been killin' this shit for years, thank you man, thank you. Rob Stringer, thank you sir, Joe [?], yes sir. The whole sales team, production, marketing team. My man B Nolan who drove us around in a fuckin' van and a SUV and showed us all about the radio game, man. And we ain't had no hits, all we had was fuckin' "Who Dat." Tryin' figure this shit out man and I figured it out. B Nolan I finally figured it out. I know you like "damn this nigga talking to me", I'm talking to you man. Cause you used to hear us stressin' over this shit, and I finally figured it out man. Don't none of that shit matter yo. I came all this way, all the way from Fayetteville, North Carolina. Went to New York City got this motherfuckin' record deal. Put out some classics, put out some singles. Had my ups, had my downs. Came all this way just to learn one thing man, and only one fuckin' thing matters and that's your happiness. And the only way you gon' get to that happiness is through love, real, geniuine, motherfuckin' love man. Not the fake shit, not the Hollywood shit, not the niggas giving you props so you think you the shit. Not motherfuckers knowing you so you think you famous. Not niggas seeing your whip and they want your whip so you feel good cause they want your whip. Or they want your bitch, so you feel better, fuck that, real love. Where your crib is at nigga where your heart is at, where your home is at, where your mom is at, where your girl is at

Mimi what up! I'm fuckin' up my words, I don't care. How am I not gon' shout out Mimi man, fuck that shit keep the tape rollin'. We still goin'. Wassup man! Forest Hills Drive we gon' do this shit, if you ain't listening to this shit, I don't give a fuck, nigga it's the fuckin' credits. Don't nobody stay for the movie credits anyway man

My Mama OOOOOOOOOOOH, I love you! I'm so grateful, blessed to have you. Still in my life, a lot of people ain't got their mothers in they life still and I recognise that I'm blessed. Mama I love you. Zach I love you. My pops I love you. James Cole I love you, Jackie I love ya. My whole family I love ya. I'm so grateful man, thank y'all. It all came full circle and I had to put this shit out in 2014. We barely made, yo Ib we barely made it nigga. We barely fuckin' made it but we fuckin' made it man. Fuck y'all, but I love y'all at the same time man

Man look, y'all really wanna know who did it? I'm a tell y'all who did this shit man. Man, Dale Earnhardt jr dawg. I'm never gon' forget, this is gonna sound crazy but I'm never gonna forget that shit you told me yo. Forreal Dale Earnhardt jr man, thank you dawg. From the bottom of my heart. That shit you said to me changed my life man. And I ain't never gon' forget, ever forreal. For real Dale, form me to you, you my nigga man, forreal. I love you boy. And Jonah! Oh Jonah Hill! How could I forget Jonah Hill! Yo, that shit you told me when we was in the elevator, nigga that shit changed my... I'm just fuckin' playin', I don't know either one of those two dudes. I don't know either one of them niggas, I was in the moment. I just lied, I don't give a fuck

2014 Forest Hills Drive. Cole World man. Thank y'all for listening. If you made it this far then I really fuck with you. Until the next time, I don't know when that's gonna be but, One love baby!

Love
Love
Love
Love

