Album: MusicOfMyMind

// Love Having You Around //

Please,
mama, mama, mama,
mama, mama, baby,
baby, baby, baby,
mama, mama, mama,
baby, baby, baby,

Listen Baby,
Every day I want to fly my kite,
Every day I want to fly my kite,
An' every day I want to get on my camel an' ride.
Oo yea

Every day I want to shake your hand, yea, yea, yea,
For in the world makin' me a better man,
An' every day I want to get on my camel an' ride
(On my camel ride, on my camel)
Oo Baby

And when the day is through,
Nothin' to do, sit around groovin' with you,
And I say it 'cause I love having you around,
And I say it 'cause I love having you around. Yea

Everyday I want to be your friend, (be your friend)
'Cause you have stuck with me through thick and thin
An' every day I want a smile in your lovely brown eyes,
(smile at your lovely brown eyes)
Oh yea

Every day I'm gonna give my share,
'Cause I know your gonna take me there, (hey, hey)
An' every day I want to get on my camel an' ride, Oo
(get on my camel)

And when the day is done,
Nothin' to do, spend all my time just loving you, (oh, yea)
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around, mm Baby
And I say it 'cause I love Oo having you around
Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea

Yea, yea, yea

An' in the end I know you'll be with me,
'Cause you made my soul so free, (so everyday)
an' every day I wanna get on my camel an' ride, yea
(on my camel)

And when the day is through,
Nothin' to do, spend all my time just lovin' you
An' I say it 'cause I love yea having you around.
(love having you around)
And I say it 'cause I love having you around yea, yea, yea
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around (having you around baby)
And I say it 'cause I love (can't you hear me people?) having you around
(can't you hear me people?)
And I say it 'cause I love having you around
(Can't you hear me say it? Can't you hear me say it baby?)
And I say it 'cause I love having you around
(An' I say it, I say it, Oo Baby, baby, Baby baby, baby)

An' I say it, (say it, say it, say it, Baby, baby baby)
An' I say it, (say it, say it, say it, Baby, baby baby)
An' I say it, 'cause I love (say it, say it, again)
having you around (say it, say it, just say it, say it, baby)
An' I say it, 'cause I love (say it, an' I keep saying it, I keep saying it)
having you around (say it)
An' I say it, 'cause I love (say it, say it)
having you around (say it, yea, yea, help me baby)
An' I say it 'cause I love (Thank God, for the one you love)
having you around (Than God, for the one you love)
An' I say it 'cause I love (Che-rish for the one you love)
having you around (I love my baby, love my baby, funky, funky, funky, yea)
(let me play, we just say, let me play)

And when the day is done, yea
Nothin' to do, spend all my time making loving you,
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around, (having you around)
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around (my baby)
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around
(baby stay around, baby stay right here, need you here, keep you right here)
An' I say it 'cause I love having you around

All right
ain't got the words
(Baby you're starting gabling, baby nobody)
Mm Baby
Mmm
Mmm
([Spoken:] The preceding has been put here on tape, to let
you all know that I say it to her because I love her,
Can you dig it? Can you get to that? Even when she's messin' around
He likes having her around even when she's messing around,
which is very of"t"en, that' what she's doing, the motion
...when she's messing around)

Ma get M A
trust in SU
An ellu

M A too
S M A

// Superwoman //

Mary wants to be a superwoman
But is that really in her head
But I just want to live each day to love her
for what she is

Mary wants to be another movie star
But is that really in her mind
And all the things she wants to be
She needs to leave behind

But, very well, I believe I know you-very well
Wish that you knew me too-very well
And I think I can deal with everything going through your head

Very well, and I think I can face-very well
Wish that you knew me too-very well
And I think I can cope with everything going through your head

Mary wants to be a superwoman
And try to boss the bull around
But does she really think that she will get by with a dream

My woman want to be a superwoman
And I just had to say good-bye
Because I can't spend all my hours start to cry

But, very well, I believe I know you
Very well wish that you knew me too
Very well, And I think I can deal with everything going through your head

Very well, think that I know you too
Very well, wish you knew me like I know you
Very well, but I think I can deal with everything going through your head
Your filthy head

Very well, dum dum da, dum dum da
Very well, wish you knew me too
Very well, And I wish I could think of everything going through your head

Very well, dum dum da, dum da, dum da
dum dum da, dum da, very well
And I think I can deal with everything going through your head

When the summer came you were not around
Now the summer's gone and love cannot be found
Where were you when I needed you-last winter, my love?

When the winter came you went further south
Parting from love's nest, leaving me in doubt
Where are you when I need you, like right now?

Our love is at an end
But you say now you have changed
But tomorrow will reflect love's past

When the winter came you were not around
Through the bitter winds love could not be found
Where were you when I needed you, last winter, my love?

Oh I need you baby, I need you baby

Our love is at an end
But you say now you have changed,
But tomorrow will reflect love's past oh

Spring will fill the air and you will come around,
With your summer love that will let me down,
Where were you when I needed you, last winter, my love?

La la la la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la la
Where are you when I need you, like right now?
Right now, right now, right now

Where were you when I needed you last winter, my dear
I need you baby, I need you baby, I need you baby
Oh, Where were you when I needed you last winter, last winter

Yea, Need you Baby, need you, need you baby,
Oh, you want me too need you baby
Oh where were you when I needed you last, dear
Yea

// I Love Every Little Thing About You //

Though they say you're not my friend
You've been here through thick and thin
And for that little girl I love ya
And all I want to do is talk about ya.

I'm here to say
I love you more each day
And I just want to tell the world
That I love you so.

Though they put me down because
I love you as much as I do
But they don't know what you've done for me
You've made such a happy man out of me.

And I'm here to say
Love you everyday, yea
And I just want to tell the world
That I love you so.

Baby, I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing
about you baby
Oh yea, I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing
about you baby, Mmm yea

Though they say that I am wrong
Cause my love is strong
There's only one that I place above you.
It's God that I place above you.

Girl I just want to say
Love you more each day, yea
I just want to tell the world
That I love you so, yea.

Some folks say that it's strange
But my whole life you have changed
You've saved all the pain the world's put on me
All I want to do is talk about you And I'm here to say
Love you everyday, yea yea
Telling everybody that,
I love you so, yea yea

I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby, yea yea yea
I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby.
Oh yea, I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby.
You know I love, I love ever' lit' thing, about you babe,
I love it
I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby.
I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby.
-Every damn thing about you baby
I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you baby. Oo

Ooh, Mmm, Sugar, All right, Cookie, Puddin', Oh yea
Mmm, Candy, All right,
An' big ol' piece of cake

(Your Baby loves you
He loves every little thing about you.)

// Sweet Little Girl //

Sweet little girl, you know your baby loves you
Your love is driving me crazy, crazy, crazy
Sweet little girl.

Sweet little girl, you know your baby Steve is true
Your love is driving me crazy, crazy, crazy
Girl, I'm in love.

Hey, my sweet, sweet momma,
You know you drive your baby mad,
Oh my sweet, sweet momma
You're driving me mad.

[Spoken:] Come on baby, you know your baby loves you,
I've given you cookies and candy, and the woofer, and you
still don't wanna be good. Come on now honey-sugar, you know
your baby loves you, more than I love my clavinet.
So baby, do me good, do me good baby.

Sweet little girl, you know your baby loves you
Your love is driving me crazy, crazy, crazy
Sweet little girl.

Come on baby, you know your baby loves you
Your love is driving me crazy, crazy, crazy
Sweet little thing.

Well, you got good lovin'
You know you make your baby mad,
Whoa, you got good lovin'
The best that I've ever had.

[Spoken:] Come on now baby, you hear the phone ring,
and sometimes you don't even answer and you know
I love you and you just treat me all kind of ways.
Come on now, honey-sugar, you know your baby waitin' on your love doll,
you know you got my load. Can't you hear me talking to you, honey?
I try to treat you good and give you everything you want and sometimes
I see you making love with your love doll,
but I still love you more than I love my clavinet.
Come on now honey-sugar you know your baby love.
You know just the other day I was gonna take you to go see a movie,
Sweet, Sweetback, cause I thought it might give you some inspiration
cause we ain't made love in so long, come on now sweet little sugar,
honey baby, now what if you knew I was going to put my harmonica down
just to make love to you.
Come on now honey, you know the woofer's waiting on you.
Come on now baby, you know your baby loves you,
even more than he loves his clavinet.
Don't make me get mad and act like a nigger.

// Happier Than The Morning Sun //

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
Bom bom bom bom bom bom

I'm happier than the morning sun
And that's the way you said that it would be
If I should ever bring you inside my life.

I'm happier than the morning sun
And that's the way you said that it would be
If I should ever bring you inside my life.

All my life I was alone,
Didn't think I'd find my part,
Now I see there's joy inside your arms.

Every day I searched for the star,
That never was in the sky,
And now I see this star is on earth.

And I'm happier than the morning sun
And that's the way you said that I would be -that's
what you told me yea
If I gave you a chance to come inside my life.

(I am) And I am happier than the morning sun
And that's the way it will always be -that's the way
it will always be
Ever since the day you came inside of my life.

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
Bom bom bom I love you.

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
Bom bom bom I love you.

Dum...

Dum...

Yea

And I'm happier than the morning sun
And that's the way you said that it would be -baby that's
what you told me yea
If I should ever bring you inside my life.
-bring you inside my life

I'm happier than the morning sun
And that's the way you said it would be
-woa that's what you said it would be
If I should ever bring you inside my life.

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
Bom bom bom bom bom bom

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
Bom bom bom I love you.

Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom

Bom bom bom I love you.

Happier than the morning sun
That's the way you said it would be
-baby that's what you told me yea
If I should ever bring you inside my life.
-bring you inside my life yea

I'm happier than the stars above
-yea the morning stars above
That's the way you said that it would be
-that's what you told me yea
If I should ever bring you inside of my life.

I believe that everyone should be
Happier than the morning sun
Happier than the morning sun
Happier than the morning sun
Happier than the morning sun
Happy happy, happy

// Girl Blue //

Hello Morning, good, good morning to the one I love,
Crystal Ringlets paint a picture of a gold sunrise above.

Little girl you're sad,
Though all you have,
is visible to you.
Within your heart
there stays a part
That like the sky is blue.

Shifting breezes, grace the inner spectrum of your glance.
Leaves on branches, for your pleasure, perform a soothing dance.

Little girl it seems
in all my dreams
Your happiness is due.
But still they last,
their in your past
Events that make you blue.

Thoughts of love are in your mind,
Yet splintered hopes push them aside.
A look at life is what you need to try.

In an instant there'll be sunshine,
sprinkled every place.
Drops of rain will kiss the softness of your lovely face.

Little girl be fair
Show yourself you care,
let others care for you.
Before it's too late,
Cause time won't wait,
Till your heart's no longer blue.

Little girl be smart,
Don't break your own heart,
There is love waiting for you.
Before it's too late
Cause time won't wait,
Til your heart's no longer blue.

// Seems So Long //

Lady love and lady cared
but lady went away,
And left me all alone to suffer.

And now I feel it's not fair
for me to fall in love
The truth is the real me you must uncover.

Seems so long, since I've heard the sound
It's been so long, since I've trusted in someone else,
Had to see it all for myself,
It's been so long, that the world seems cold,
But I think it's time in my life to find myself again.

Lady loved and lady stayed,
Until she was too pleased
She knew I wouldn't leave for her to suffer.
I'd never make her suffer.

Now I believe you're just like me,
In that you understand,
And want me for your man to always love me.

You can believe it's seems so long, since I've touched a wanting hand
Oh, it seems so long, since I've trusted in someone else,
Had to see this world for myself,
And it's been so long that the world seems cold,
Now I think I've found someone to make me trust in someone again.

I believe that I can trust in you.

// Keep On Running //

Some gonna get you
Some gonna grab you
Some gonna jump out of the bushes and grab you
Whole lotta folks, you better run faster.

Some gonna grab you
Some gonna jump out of the bushes and grab you
Some gonna grab you
Oh You need this thing to grab you, ha.
Yea, yea

Keep on running
Keep on running from my love
Keep on running, yea
Keep on running from my love

Some folks say that you're really, really fine,
All you want to be is just a friend of mine,
But I know, the man your with gonna break your heart,
And you'll be sad real soon, yea.

Keep on running,
Keep on running from my love,
Keep on running, yea,
Keep on running from my love.

Some folks say that you're really, really fine
But all you want to be is just a friend of mine,
But I know I'm gonna get you with him -real soon.

Why do you keep?
Keep on running, running from my love
Yea, keep on running from
Keep on running, running from my love
I need you baby
Keep on running, running from my love
And everyday yea,
Keep on running, running from my love. Oh

Keep on running
Keep on running from my love
Keep on running yea
Keep on running from my love

Some folks say that your love is really good
All you want to be is just a friend of mine,
But I know, I'm gonna get you in the end
'Cause I need you so

Keep on running
Keep on running, running from my love
Yea, keep on running baby
Keep on running, running from my love, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
Keep on running, running from my love
...say it loud
Keep on running, running from my love
Oh, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
...say it loud
Keep on running, running from my love
Something gonna get you, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
You can get it baby in my love
Keep on running, running from my love
Oh, yea say
Keep on running, running from my love
sing I love you so
Keep on running, running from my love
Sing, so
Keep on running, running from my love
sing a little song for me
Keep on running, running from my love
Baby, you can bring me love
Keep on running, running from my love
I wanna hear
Keep on running, running from my love
Yea,
Keep on running, running from my love
Everybody sing it with me, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
Some's gonna grab you
Keep on running, running from my love
some's gonna jump out of the bushes and grab you, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
keep on running baby
Keep on running, running from my love
Oh, yea yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea
Keep on running, running from my love
This is it
Keep on running, running from my love

Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey

Keep on running
Keep on running, running from my love
yea, yea,
Keep on running, running from my love
I'm getting tired of you running
Keep on running, running from my love
Can you feel it in the shoe babe?
Keep on running, running from my love
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Keep on running, running from my love
Hey, hey
Keep on running, running from my love
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, mama, mama, mama
Keep on running, running from my love

// Evil //

Evil, why have you engulfed so many hearts...Evil
Evil, why have you destroyed so many minds...
Leaving room for darkness, where lost dreams can hide.

Evil, why do you infest our purest thoughts, with hatred.
Evil, why have you stolen so much love...
Leaving everyone's emotions lost and wandering free.

Evil, why have you taken over God's children's eyes...Evil
Evil, before they could really grow to see,
That your way, is not the way, to make, life what it should be, Yea, yea, yea
Evil, why have you destroyed, you've destroyed so much of this doggone world...Evil
Evil, oh, why have you broken so many homes...
Leaving everyone's emotions lost and wandering free.

