Album: WhateverPeopleSayIAmThatsWhatImNot

// A Certain Romance //

"Shall I keep rolling?"

Well oh they might wear classic Reeboks
Or knackered Converse
Or tracky bottoms tucked in socks
But all of that's what the point is not
The point's that there ain't no romance around there

And there's the truth that they can't see
They'd probably like to throw a punch at me
And if you could only see them, then you would agree
Agree that there ain't no romance around there

You know, oh, it's a funny thing, you know?
We'll tell them if you like
We'll tell them all tonight
They'll never listen
Because their minds are made up
And course it's all OK to carry on that way

'Cause over there there's broken bones
There's only music, so that there's new ringtones
And it don't take no Sherlock Holmes
To see it's a little different around here

Don't get me wrong though there's boys in bands
And kids who like to scrap with pool cues in their hands
And just 'cause he's had a couple of cans
He thinks it's alright to act like a dickhead

Don't you know, oh it's a funny thing you know
We'll tell them if you like
We'll tell them all tonight
They'll never listen
Because their minds are made up

And course is all OK to carry on that way
But I said no, oh no!
Well, you won't get me to go
Not anywhere, not anywhere
No, I won't go, oh no, no

But over there there's friends of mine
What can I say, I've known them for a long long time
And they might overstep the line
But you just cannot get angry in the same way
No, not in the same way
Said, not in the same way
Oh no, oh no, no!

// Dancing Shoes //

Get on your dancing shoes
There's one thing on your mind
Hoping they're looking for you
Sure you'll be rummaging through

And the shit, shock, horror
You've seen your future bride
Yeah, but it's oh so absurd
For you to say the first word
So you're waiting and waiting and

The only reason that you came
So what you scared for?
Why don't you always do the same?
It's what you're there for, don't you know?

...the lights are flashing
Down in here tonight
And some might exchange a glance
But keep pretending to dance

But don't act like it's not happening
As if it's impolite
To go and mention your name
Instead you'll just do the same
As they all do, and hope for the best...

The only reason that you came
So what you scared for?
Why don't you always do the same?
It's what you're there for but no

Get on your dancing shoes
You sexy little swine
Hoping they're looking for you
Sure you'll be rummaging through

And I said the shit, shock, horror
You've seen your future bride
Yeah, but it's oh so absurd
For you to say the first word
So you're waiting and waiting

// Fake Tales Of San Francisco //

Fake Tales of San Francisco
Echo through the room
More point to a wedding disco
Without a bride or groom

There's a super cool band yeah
With their trilbies and their glasses of white wine
And all the weekend rock stars in the toilets
Practicing their lines

I don't want to hear you
(Kick me out, kick me out)
I don't want to hear you no
(Kick me out, kick me out)
I don't want to hear you
(Kick me out, kick me out)
I don't want to hear you
I don't want to hear your

Fake Tales of San Francisco
Echo through the air
And there's a few bored faces at the back
All wishing they weren't there

And as the microphone squeaks
A young girl's telephone beeps
Yeah she's dashing for the exit
Oh, she's running to the streets outside
"Oh you've saved me," she screams down the line
"The band were fucking wank
And I'm not having a nice time"

I don't want to hear you
(Kick me out, kick me out)
I don't want to hear you no
(Kick me out, kick me out)
Yeah but his bird said it's amazing, though
So all that's left
Is the proof that love's not only blind but deaf

He talks of San Francisco, he's from Hunter's Bar
I don't quite know the distance
But I'm sure that's far
Yeah, I'm sure it's pretty far

Yeah, I'd love to tell you all my problem
You're not from New York City, you're from Rotherham
So get off the bandwagon, and put down the handbook
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Get off the bandwagon and put down the handbook
Get off the bandwagon and put down the handbook
Get off the bandwagon and put down the handbook
Get off the bandwagon and put down the handbook, yeah

// Mardy Bum //

Well now then Mardy Bum
I've seen your frown
And it's like looking down the barrel of a gun
And it goes off
And out come all these words
Oh there's a very pleasant side to you
A side I much prefer

It's one that laughs and jokes around
Remember cuddles in the kitchen
Yeah, to get things off the ground
And it was up, up and away
Oh, but it's right hard to remember
That on a day like today when you're all argumentative
And you've got the face on

Well now then Mardy Bum
Oh I'm in trouble again, aren't I?
I thought as much
Cause you turned over there
Pulling that silent disappointment face
The one that I can't bear

Well can't we just laugh and joke around
Remember cuddles in the kitchen
Yeah, to get things off the ground
And it was up, up and away
Oh, but it's right hard to remember
That on a day like today when you're all argumentative
And you've got the face on

And yeah I'm sorry I was late
But I missed the train
And then the traffic was a state
And I can't be arsed to carry on in this debate that reoccurs,
Oh, when you say I don't care
But of course I do, yeah, I clearly do!

So laugh and joke around
Remember cuddles in the kitchen
Yeah, to get things off the ground
And it was up, up and away
Oh, but it's right hard to remember
That on a day like today when you're all argumentative
And you've got the face on

// Still Take You Home //

Well, it's ever so funny
'Cause I don't think you're special, I don't think you're cool
You're just probably alright
But under these lights you look beautiful
And I'm struggling
I can't see through your fake tan
Yeah, and you know it for a fact
That everybody's eating out of your hands

But what do you know?
Oh, you know nothing
Yeah, but I'll still take you home
Oh, yeah, I'll still take you home
So what do you know?
Said you don't know nothing

Well, fancy seeing you in here
You're all tarted up and you don't look the same
Well, I haven't seen you since last year
Yeah, surprisingly you have forgotten my name
But you know it
Yeah, and you knew it all along
Oh, and you say you have forgotten
But you're fibbing, go on, tell me I'm wrong

So what do you know?
Oh, you know nothing
Yeah, but I'll still take you home
Oh, yeah, I'll still take you home
So what do you know?
Oh, you don't know nothing, no

So what do you know?
Yeah, you don't know nothing
Yeah, but I'll still take you home
Oh, yeah, I'll still take you home
I said what do you know?
Oh, you don't know nothing, no

I fancy you with a passion
You're a Topshop princess, a rockstar too
But you're a fad, you're a fashion
And I'm having a job trying to talk to you
But it's alright
Yeah, I'll put it on one side
'Cause everybody's looking
You've got control of everyone's eyes, including mine

// I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor //

Stop making the eyes at me,
I'll stop making the eyes at you.
What it is that surprises me
Is that I don't really want you to

And your shoulders are frozen (cold as the night)
Oh, but you're an explosion (you're dynamite)
Your name isn't Rio, but I don't care for sand 
And lighting a fuse might result in a bang b-b-bang-go

I bet that you look good on the dance floor
I don't know if you're looking for romance or...
I don't know what you're looking for
I said I bet that you look good on the dance floor
Dancing to electro-pop like a robot from 1984
Well, from 1984!

I wish you'd stop ignoring me
Because it's sending me to despair,
Without a sound yeah you're calling me
And I don't think it's very fair

That your shoulders are frozen (cold as the night)
Oh, but you're an explosion (you're dynamite)
Your name isn't Rio, but I don't care for sand 
And lighting a fuse might result in a bang, b-b-bang-go

I bet that you look good on the dance floor
I don't know if you're looking for romance or...
I don't know what you're looking for
I said I bet that you look good on the dance floor
Dancing to electro-pop like a robot from 1984
Well, from 1984!

And no, there ain't no love, no Montagues or Capulets
Just banging tunes and DJ sets
Dirty dance floors, and dreams of naughtiness!

Well, I bet that you look good on the dance floor
I don't know if you're looking for romance or...
I don't know what you're looking for
I said I bet that you look good on the dance floor
Dancing to electro-pop like a robot from 1984
Said, from 1984!

// You Probably Couldn't See For The Lights But You Were Staring Straight At Me //

One look sends it coursing through the veins oh how the feeling races
Back up to their brains to form expressions on their stupid faces

They don't want to say hello
Like I want to say hello
Well, my heart beats at its peak,
When you're coming up to speak

And oh I'm so tense, never tenser
Could all go a bit Frank Spencer?
And I'm talking gibberish,
Tip of the tongue but I can't deliver it

...Properly, oh it's all getting on top of me
And if it weren't this dark you'd see how red my face has gone, yeah

Everybody's trying to crack the jokes and that to make you smile
Those that claim that they're not showing off are drowning in denial
But they're not half as bad as me say anything and I'll agree
'Cause when it comes to acting up, I'm sure I could write the book

And now that you're more than a part in the play
It's slightly easier to think what to say
You had us all standing on our heads
Doing our best tricks, yeah

Never again, never again, oh, will there be another one quite as desirable as you

One look sends it coursing through the veins oh how the feeling races
Back up to their brains to form expressions on their stupid faces

// Riot Van //

Up rolls a riot van
And sparks excitement in the boys
But the policemen look annoyed
Perhaps these are ones they should avoid

Got a chase last night from men with truncheons dressed in hats
We didn't do that much wrong, still ran away though for the laugh, just for the laugh

"And please just stop talking
'Cause they won't find us if you do.
Oh, those silly boys in blue.
Well, they won't catch me and you."

"Have you been drinking, son? You don't look old enough to me."
"I'm sorry, officer, is there a certain age you're supposed to be? 'Cause nobody told me."

And up rolls the riot van
And these lads just wind the coppers up
They ask why they don't catch proper crooks
They get their address and their names took
But they couldn't care less

Thrown in the riot van
And all the coppers kicked him in
And there was no way he could win
Just had to take it on the chin

// Red Light Indicates Doors Are Secured //

We'll ask if we can have six in
If not we'll have to have two
Well, you're coming up at our end aren't you?
So I'll get one with you
Won't he let us have six in?
Especially not with the food
He could have just told us no, though
He didn't have to be rude
You see her with the green dress?
She talked to me at the bar
Well how come it's already two-pound fifty?
We've only gone about a yard
Didn't you see she were gorgeous?
She were beyond belief
But this lad at the side drinking his Smirnoff Ice
Came and paid for her Tropical Reef

And I'm sitting going backwards
And I didn't want to leave
I said "It's High Green, mate
Via Hillsborough, please"

Well, how funny were that sketch earlier
Up near that taxi rank?
Oh no, you would have missed it
Think it were when you went to the bank
These two lads squaring up proper shouting
I were next in the queue
The kind of thing that'd seem so silly
But not when they've both had a few
Well, calm down, temper, temper
You shouldn't get so annoyed
Well, you're acting like a silly little boy
Oh, they wanted to be men
And do some fighting in the street
He said "No surrender
No chance of retreat"

And so why are they in the taxi?
'Cause I didn't want to leave
I said "It's High Green, mate
Via Hillsborough, please!"

Drunken plots hatched to jump it
Ask around, "Are you sure?"
Went for it but the red light was showing
And red light indicates doors are secure

// Perhaps Vampires Is A Bit Strong But... //

I've seen your eyes as they fix on me
What is he doing
What on earth's the plan
Has he got one

You better give me some pointers
Since you are the big rocket launcher
And I'm just the shotgun

Well I ain't got no dollar signs in my eyes
That might be a surprise
But it's true
Said I'm not like you

And I don't want your advice
Or your praise or to move in the ways
You do, and I never will

'Cause all you people are vampires
And all your stories are stale
And though you pretend to stand by us
I know you're certain we'll fail

Well I've seen your eyes
As they fix on me
Full of confusion
Your snarl is just so condescending

Try to explain that we're on to a win
If the fee we get in
Near recoups what we're spending

He said I can't believe
That you drove all that way
Well how much did they pay you?
How much did they pay ya?

You'd have been better to stay round our way
Thinking about things but not actually doing the things

'Cause all you people are vampires
And all your stories are stale
And though you pretend to stand by us
I know you're certain we'll fail

'Cause all you people are vampires
And all your stories are stale
And though you pretend to stand by us
I know you're certain we'll fail

All you people are vampires!

// When The Sun Goes Down //

I said, "Who's that girl there?"
I wonder what went wrong
So that she had to roam the streets
She don't do major credit cards
I doubt she does receipts
It's all not quite legitimate

And what a scummy man
Just give him half a chance
I bet he'll rob you if he can
Can see it in his eyes,
Yeah, that he's got a driving ban
Amongst some other offences

And I've seen him with girls of the night
And he told Roxanne to put on her red light
They're all infected but he'll be alright
'Cause he's a scumbag, don't you know?
I said he's a scumbag, don't you know?

Although you're trying not to listen
Avert your eyes and staring at the ground
She makes a subtle proposition,
"I'm sorry, love, I'll have to turn you down"

He must be up to something
What are the chances? Sure it's more than likely
I've got a feeling in my stomach
I start to wonder what his story might be
What his story might be, yeah

'Cause they said it changes when the sun goes down
Yeah, they said it changes when the sun goes down
They said it changes when the sun goes down
Around here
Around here

Look here comes a Ford Mondeo
Isn't he Mister Inconspicuous?
And he don't even have to say 'owt
She's in the stance ready to get picked up

Bet she's delighted when she sees him
Pulling in and giving her the eye
Because she must be fucking freezing
Scantily clad beneath the clear night sky
It doesn't stop in the winter, no

And they said it changes when the sun goes down
Yeah, they said it changes when the sun goes down
And they said it changes when the sun goes down
Around here

Well, they said it changes when the sun goes down
Over the river going out of town
And they said it changes when the sun goes down
Around here
Around here

And what a scummy man
Just give him half a chance
I bet he'll rob you if he can
Can see it in his eyes that he's got a nasty plan
I hope you're not involved at all

// From The Ritz To The Rubble //

Last night these two bouncers and one of em's alright
The other one's the scary
And his way or no way, totalitarian

He's got no time for you
Looking or breathing
How he don't want you to
So step out the queue
He makes examples of you
And there's nowt you can say
Behind they go through to the bit where you pay

And you realize then that it's finally the time
To walk back past ten thousand eyes in the line

And you can swap jumpers and make another move
Instilled in your brain you've got something to prove
To all the smirking faces and the boys in black
Why can't they be pleasant?
Why can't they have a laugh?

He's got his hand in your chest
He wants to give you a duff
Well, secretly I think he wants it all to kick off
They want arms flying everywhere and
Bottles as well it's just
Something to talk about
A story to tell you

Well, I'm so glad they turned us all away we'll put it down to fate
I said a thousand million things that I could never say this morning
Got too deep, but how deep is too deep?

Well, this town's a different town today
Said, this town's a different town to what it was last night
You couldn't have done that on a Sunday

And, that girl's a different girl today
Said, that girl's a different girl to what you kissed last night
You couldn't have done that on a Sunday
Of course not

Well, I'm so glad they turned us all away we'll put it down to fate
I thought a thousand million things that I could never think this morning
Got too deep, but how deep is too deep?

Last night what we talked about
It made so much sense
But now the haze has ascended
It don't make no sense anymore

I said last night what we talked about
It made so much sense
But now the haze has ascended
It don't make no sense anymore

