Album: Welcome2ThaChuuchVol3

// Kickin' It Rough //

Oh, we recordin'?
Hahaha, yeah, what's up, y'all?
It's big Snoop Dogg, yeah
Knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (Three)
What you say? (Welcome to tha Chuuch, Chuuch)
Knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (Three)
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Chuuch
Say what, say what?
Knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (Three)
Welcome to tha-, Welcome to tha Chuuch, Chuuch
What you say?
Knock the shit out, my nigga, 'cause this is volume three (Three)
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Chuuch

Well, me and my nigga Dig closer than brothers
Done been through it all (All), that's my real dawg (Yeah)
You can't tell him nothin', without cuttin' up
But if you run up (On my mama), we'll fuck you up
It's all to the real, this mass appeal
And on this record, right here, I feel I gotta keep it real
And tell you motherfuckers in the hood
Nah, I ain't went Hollywood, I'm just Holly-hood (And Holly good)
Wouldn't you believe it? My style has been unbelievable
Cock block and leave 'em though, Snoop rocks unbeatable
Challenge me, bad mouth me, slander me
What a strange mentality, y'all fools can't handle me (Uh-uh), me
You're wishin' and hopin', fishin' and scopin'
Tryna get me open and revert back to drinkin' and smokin'
Not smokin' trees, but smokin' young G's or smokin' enemies
In the words of the wise D-O-double-G
The chairman of the Biz sword, a real G's everywhere, player
Preach, to each and all, to each is own
Nick-nack, petty, wack, get the Dogg his bone
And welcome to the motherfuckin' chronic zone
Volume 3, my nigga, oh, yeah, it's really, really, really on
I'm number one at this
I run this bitch, been there and I done this shit
Top dog on the list, not just on the West Coast
And when I'm dead and gone
They'll say Snoop Dogg was the best, low
Oh, yes, I'm fresh, I guess
And remember, you can't spell the West without the E-S

Yeah, but I got somethin' I wanna say to him real quick
Check this out, y'all (Do it to 'em, Dogg)

Snoop Dogg don't take no shit (Uh-uh)
Especially from a bitch (Yeah), and that's on Crip (Crip)
Snoop Dogg's known to break a bitch (A bitch)
And hit a switch (And hit a switch), and keep a grip (For sure)
Snoop Dogg don't take no shit (Uh-uh)
Especially from a bitch (I swear), and that's on Crip (Follow me)
Snoop Dogg's known to break a bitch (Yeah)
And hit a switch, and keep a grip (Come join me)

Membership, need to get you on my team, baby
Get you in my congregation
Let you come fellowship with a real player
Slide up in the church, you know what I'm sayin'?
Lay you down in the boom-boom real
And if you graduate to the next level
We'll even let you get on the mic' and blow somethin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3
Big Snoop Dogg, I'm the king of this shit
I wanna give a shoutout to, uh, nobody, haha
'Cause that's how I feel right now, nigga
All you niggas talkin' that shit about me
I got ears bigger than motherfuckin' elephants, nigga
I hear everythin' that's goin' on in the streets, nigga
Talkin' 'bout, y'all gon' do this and do that, whatever, cause'
And niggas know I done looked out
I done looked out more than I done took
You know what I'm sayin'?
So on some real shit, niggas need to check themselves
And realize that I'm the motherfuckin' king of the West Coast
You can't go around me, you can't go through me
You might as well come join me
It's real shit, especially if you a gangster, nigga
Quit actin' like a bitch, nigga, and G up, nigga
Yeah, real shit, Eastside up, Eastsiders
All the Eastsiders out there, it ain't nothin' but some love
Whether you from the Eastside of L.A., East Compton
East London, East Long Beach, you know what I'm sayin'?
East Cleveland, East Oakland, wherever, it don't matter
Eastside up, I'm 'bout to slide on up out of here
'Cause you know, a lot of niggas think I talk too much
But when you me, you can do how you want
When you want, where you want, figure that out
Oh, yeah, and I do run T.B. too, nigga
Doggy, fizzle, tell a bizzle
Somethin' to laugh to, 'cause I love to clown
Ayy, ayy, baby, what's up?
Alright, I'm finna come up out of there right now
Nah, meet me in the back, go in the backroom
Like, yeah, that lil' room right there
When I get in there, I don't want no draws and no bra's
'Cause that's against the laws, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, we straight rippin' it, yeah
Oh, yeah, we just rippin' it, yeah
Uh-huh, Dogg house is just rippin' it, yeah
Doggystyle records, my nigga, yeah
And you know we just kickin' it (Kickin' it, kickin' it)

// Angry Tonite //

Yeah, haha
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3 (Like a motherfucker, haha)
I got you sugar-free (Like a motherfucker)
Yeah, DJ Quik (He gone)
Y'all knew I was gon' take this motherfucker right here (Yeah)
This shit bangin' right here (Like a motherfucker, he gone)
Yeah, motherfuckers makin' me angry right now too
I'ma spit on it, real quick
Trip, trip, trip, trip, trip this shit
Look

My lil' bitch had the nerve to call the studio and fuck off my group
Wait (Wait, wait, wait), what did I do?
I had to stop, pause, and grab my drink
And when I got home
I slapped that bitch lips up off her motherfuckin' face (Hahaha)
And now she mad about it, can't do a goddamn thing about it
But pound about it and shout about it
And walk up out it, my team is crowded
And you without me, lil' bitch, I really doubt it (Uh-uh)
It's me or nothin', I want my cut in order to get stuffin', you lil' muffin
Now, now I'ma cut the pimpin' loose on y'all
Lean on the wall with my cup of juice in it, dawg, trip
Introduce him to the exquisitely made and played
For the motherfuckin' streets
Which one of y'all niggas wanna fade me? (What?)
One shot for a G, 2-1-3, LBC
D.P.G, it's all the same, nigga, we one big Crip gang
And I'm the leader, loco (Or so they say)
Y'all wanna see me? Well, stand in line, hand cause' and buy a photo
Now focus the frame, and stay focused, while I hit you, get you
Then I spit you just a little bit of game, it's a shame
But I ain't gon' change this shit
A whole 'nother groove with a whole 'nother chip (Yeah)
A brand new 'Llac with a brand new kick
A brand new house with a bad-ass bitch (Woo)
A new pair of Gators with a brand new outfit (Trust)
That's that pimpin' on a-, pimpin' on a bitch, shit
Yeah, still Crip, in case you didn't know
Eastside L-B-R, to Izzo
Yeah, all my people's bang the is I
Long Beach talk on you, nigga, East is I (I)
That's where we go at, hop the low-low at
Pop the .44 at the police
And I'm real with this, since they on me
Trip, lil' homie, this the way this shit gon' be
And 'til the end of time
Fuck the police, say it with me one more time (Fuck the police)
(Wait, Dogg, a few of 'em cool), fuck that too
'Cause all y'all pack of wolves wanna bring down Snoop
But I can't see it or believe it
They tryna achieve it, not this evenin'
'Cause we dippin' on y'all, flippin' on y'all
Mr. Police, fuck y'all, from big Snoop Dogg

Y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
But I'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (Uh)
Y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
But I'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (Uh, what?)

What a G like? Nah, what a C like?
Big Snoop Dogg in the house tonight (Hey, hey, hey)
The party is swingin' and we all maintainin'
We smokin' and drinkin', this motherfucker bangin' (What, what, what?)
What a G like? Nah, what a C like?
Big Snoop Dogg in the house tonight (Hey, hey, hey)
And the party is swingin' and we all maintainin'
We smokin' and drinkin', this motherfucker bangin' (What, what, what?)

Y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
But I'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (Uh)
Y'all gon' make me angry, y'all tryna change me
But I'ma stay right on up, you run up, you're gettin' done on up (Uh)

// Where The Hoes At //

[Snoop Dogg:]
Ayy, man, it's DPG up in this motherfucker, man
And we only in town for a day or two
So we tryna find some motherfuckin' hoes
Man, do anybody know where the hoes at?
I mean, I'm tryna find a bad ho' for my nigga over there
I'm tryna find a light-skinned ho' for my nigga right there
And my nigga right here, he want a chocolate bitch
We just wanted some hoes

Where the hoes, where the hoes, where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
My nigga, Daz, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Soopafly, can you tell me where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Loc, Loc, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Where the hoes, where the motherfuckin' hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Davie G, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Anybody, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
I'm tryna find me a little fly hood rat
Look for the hoes, tryna find the hoes (What, what, what, what?)
Cute little hoes, I'm the dick-banger, bro (What, what, what, what?)

[Daz Dillinger:]
I step into the club, see them hoes with the big butts
Is it me or you or these hoes wanna fuck?
Get the fuck up and get your ass off the road
Put these beez-alls in your jeez-alls and suck on my dog
All of y'all know what time it is
P up in this, some shed a tear, now get the fuck out of here
We got weed, hoes, drink, and bank
Fuck the police, nigga, pledge with the tank
Crank the music up a little louder
Watch these bitches and these hoes get a little wilder
Put your hands in the air, you down for the get-down
Super Daz and Snoop Dogg, nigga, the motherfuckin' Dogg Pound
Ladies love Daz when they're lickin' their lips (Lips)
The same way your ho', she be lickin' my dick
Because bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
They lick on the lefts and they- (Suck a dick)

[Snoop Dogg:]
Where the hoes, where the hoes, where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
My nigga, Daz, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Soopafly, can you tell me where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Loc, Loc, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Where the hoes, where the motherfuckin' hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Davie G, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Anybody, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
I'm tryna find me a little fly hood rat
Look for the hoes, shoot for the ho' (What, what, what, what?)
Thick-ass bitch, suck the dick by the bro (What, what, what, what?)

[Soopafly:]
They super mashin' on these bitches, like Idaho potatoes
Fuck a boujee broad, fly, lookin' for them stank holes
Suck me, super mold a bitch out of play-dough
I keep a ho' in check, I'm best with your bankroll
Throw your hands up, your backstage and your man's stuck
Shake that shit, like your ass throwin' a tantrum
Fuck a bitch, suck a dick, it's an anthem
Hit it, pass 'em, talk shit and I trash 'em
I'm kind of diggin' this ho' right here
I wanna stick my dick in this ho' right here
Pussy soft, just like some chinchilla fur
Ask me in the mornin' and the whole thing's a blur
Where them hoes at? No squares, where the pro's at?
Here's my ballsack, you can sport it, like a throwback
One for the money (Money), two for my hoes (Hoes)
Three D.P.G.'s, we pimpin', bitch, please

[Snoop Dogg:]
Where the hoes, where the hoes, where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
My nigga, Daz, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Soopafly, can you tell me where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Loc, Loc, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Where the hoes, where the motherfuckin' hoes at? (Where they at?)
Ayy, Davie G, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
Anybody, do you know where the hoes at? (Where they at?)
I'm tryna find me a little fly hood rat
Look for the hoes, tryna find the hoes (What, what, what, what?)
Cute little hoes, I'm the dick-banger, bro (What, what, what, what?)

// Straight Ballin' //

Oh, no
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3 (Welcome to tha Chuuch)
Big Snoopy D-O-double-G
You know I had to do it to you
Take some of that 2Pac (Welcome to tha Chuuch)
Mix it with a little bit of D.P.G. (Welcome to tha Chuuch)
Keep it ridin' for the 2000 plus three (Volume three)
Told y'all I run the streets, homie, check this out

Now ever since a nigga was a G, playin' football
With the homies on the Westside, straight rollin'
Never really knew that I would come up in the game
'Til I put my foot down, look, man, now I'm ballin'
Everybody know my name, lil' mama love my game
Lil' kids think I need to be in a hall of fame (Haha)
Look, I'll get there, time prevails
But if I don't, I'ma ride and slide, this Eastside
The coldest you know at this
I might as well take my time, have a go and try to flow at this
I gotta give a shoutout to the pro of this
And my homegirl Rage, man, you know I'm blowin' this
I'm 'bout to show these suckers how I do 'em up (Mmm)
You bubblegum rappers on the mic', I chew 'em up (Haha)
Let's get down to the game for a second
As I give these suckers a good mackin', packin', and check it, trip

Live the life of a boss player, 'til the day I die
I'm drinkin' my drink, and smokin', la-la-la-la
All I really want is cash and things
But if the women come with it, I'ma work that thing (Thing)
Live the life of a boss player, 'til the day I die
I'm drinkin' my drink, and smokin', la-la-la-la
What you wanna do?
You wanna holler all day or you gon' step to Snoop?

Yeah, they say the streets is talkin'
Dogg, pay 'em no mind, man, keep the walkin'
Suckers is hawkin', my fans is stalkin'
I'm takin' flight on you suckers, like Connie Hawkins
Or Darryl Dawkins, call it chocolate thunder
It's like a juggle, sometimes it makes me wonder
How I keep 'em goin' under as I say?
Paper, paper, I gotta get over

Live the life of a boss player, 'til the day I die
I'm drinkin' my drink, and smokin', la-la-la-la
All I really want is cash and things
But if the women come with it, I'ma work that thing (Thing)
Live the life of a boss player, 'til the day I die
I'm drinkin' my drink, and smokin', la-la-la-la
What you wanna do?
You wanna holler all day or you gon' step to Snoop?

Paper, paper, I gotta get over
A whole lot of money with a lil' bit of doja
Paper, paper, I gotta get over
A whole lot of money with a lil' bit of doja
Paper, paper, I gotta get over
A whole lot of money with a lil' bit of doja
Paper, paper, I gotta get over
A whole lot of money with a lil' bit of doja
Yeah, yeah
Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3
Big Snoop D-O-double-jizzle, for shizzle, dizzle
And I want y'all to be on the lookout for that 213 album
Comin' in stores soon
And that DPG
And anythin' connected to Doggystyle Records, man
For real, haha, good lookin' nephew, I'm gone
Told y'all niggas I run this shit, man
For real, bitch

// Come On Up To My Room //

[Uncle Reo:]
Yeah
Come on up to my room, baby
I got a surprise for you
Now you know what the surprise is?

Come on and go with me
Come on up to my room, baby
That's what I mean
Come on and go with me
Ooh, come on up to my room, baby
I'm telling you
Come on and go with me
Oh-oh, come on up to my room, baby
Woah, baby, come on and go with me
I'm waitin' for you, I've been waitin' all night long
I got a big chunk of whole dick, waitin' for you
I want you to grab this dick and rock my world all night
I love you, it's so juicy, internal feel
Come on, baby, oh, let me save you
With this big old juicy piper, man
I wanna pump you, drop my nuts
Make me, make me feel so good
'Cause my nuts is so tender and warm for you
I want you, oh, come on, come on
Let me give you a lift with your hands
Get on the phone and told my friend Taylor
Oh, come on, come on
I got somethin' for you
It's so good, all in your lanes
Get it in your mouth when I put it in your booty-hole, baby
I got to, I got to, ooh

// Moet //

Bitches, bitches, bitches, you love moet
Bring some of that shit, bring it to me
Skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet, I love moet
Everybody in this place love moet

Flossy bitches in leathers
Smellin' like Prada, shakin' their tailfeathers
I hit the event with the hydro glow
Never party pooper, super rhyme pro
I can feel hatred when I step through the door
Why you talkin' bout me? You best watch your ho'
'Cause she is watchin' me, I'm watchin' her watch me
She clockin' the Versace, eyes locked to the crotchy
I move to her, pimpin', step it up a notchy
The 'Zine play vivid, like a fifty-inch Hitachi
With a body like a bottle, is your name Jeannie?
You need to be with me, why you chillin' with that weenie?
Fool get mad, like he gon' throw a fit
Nigga, don't you know the Glock ready to spit?
Lord have his mercy, get this, nitwit
It's nasty in the gutter, don't make the Glock spit

Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it

Let's get it poppin', homie, pour some more in my cup
Man, the way this bass bangin', I'm buzzed, ready to fuck
I'm tryna get my duck sucked, let her massage these nuts
Like the Bishop say (Step your game up)
We them niggas that they wanna hang with and do they thing with
Don't mind me, just vibe off this gangster shit
Hootie-hoo in the house gon' get some
Feelin' good 'cause she wet, but we tryin' to get her more wet

Pour it 'til it's all gone, you might get the suds
When you sip it, make sure you finish, then you get a buzz
We don't love not one of you's, hope you soak it up
Understand how we do it, cashin' in and gettin' sucked up
For real, we don't play, takin' breaks when we can
Hit the glow like the strobe, puttin' bitches in a jam
Then scram, we on to the next destination
Pimpin's how we do it, puttin bitches in their places!

It's up to you, player
To make sure them bottles multiply, but not out your pocket
Dig, it's the new Mack-illennium now
And chicks not gonna get away with that game no more

Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it

Drunk as fuck, but still sippin', I'm stuck in this position
Where the rest of all my niggas I came up in here with?
Talk to the bitches like I won't, I'm tryin' to roll a blunt
Ain't got no time to sit and holler, come swallow me or somethin'
Since tomorrow wasn't promised, I'ma party 'til I die
Big glass of Moet, share with my niggas in the sky
Tipsy on a fifth, I'm gettin' frisky with a bitch
Oh, yeah, I used to hit her sister, but that was in '96
Leave a tip with the bartender
You little slender, fine ho', I'm comin' home with you
Get more explicit, baby, touchin' on my dick, I'm rushin' to get a fix
Another shot'll set us off, it cost to get with this
I'm just a hop and a skip around the way from where I say
I put my dick back in my pants and I'm finished for the day
I ain't sayin' it no more, the glass'll get it poppin'
Ass is what I'm lookin' for, she got it, got it

Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it

Yeah, we got forty hoes in here, so we gon' need about
You know, let me see how many bottles we gon' need
Let me add this shit up real quick
Give me one second, hold on, let me see
Okay, all right, here we go, look

Ten times five, plus four, minus three
Bitches'll bring bottles, and they all for free
I go hard on 'em, guard on 'em, pourin' my glass
I want the little yellow bitch with the big old ass
My young homeboy shot some drag, then he put out a bag
Now she drinkin' and she thinkin' that she gon' get some cash
Look, fill it up one more 'gain, get that shit crack-a-lackin'
Tell her to back it up, suck a nigga, like Dracula
And now she feelin' good, I'm feelin' good, it's so spectacular
This ain't no actin' here, but you'll be actin' up
Laughin' and crackin' up, talkin' to your peoples 'bout
How it rolls, you call it Mimosa, let's toast to
The hood life, the good life
You could, might be livin' the good life if you do it right, do it right

When you see a player chargin' a chick
Dig, player, pat him on the back
Don't player-hate, congratulate

Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it

Can you, can you, can you, can you, can you dig it?
Moesha crept up on her ass, now she can feel it
Laid up naked with six bitches and twelve titties
Alright, ladies, I want asses wigglin' and titties jigglin'
Oh, you did it

I got a whole glass full, I'm feelin' cool, no bullshit
Moet up in my cup, Jack, I'm chillin' with a rugrat
Sexy legs and hips, I'm you bitch (Uh-huh)
I got game, like Suga Free, up in Cologna, bitch

Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it
Yeah, we just sippin' on some moet
To get the hoes more wet, you hoes better know it

// Hot Dat Gilrz On Fire //

Ladies and gentlemen, I am very honored to present to you
One of the flyest players of all time
My man, Soopafly, go hard on 'em

I said "Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire"
I'm 'bout to get you up out of that attire
Soopa' get by, but I'm not no buyer
I'll give you somethin' else that'll get you higher
Fire, but I'm not Richard Pryor
It's a thing that a bitch admire, check it out
Peep close, baby hot with a deep throat
Navy ho', dong long, with a peacoat
Made me slow, down when that bitch looked around me
Chocolate stepped in, bitch called a brownie
Hoes work together, then the flame got hotter
Stuck out my wand, like my name is Harry Potter
Swing, Soopa' hit 'em off in their hot spot
Stroked up and down the pussy, with Pop-pop
No cock blockin', ridin' like I'm Tupac
Bust a nut, drip, drip down, like a dude drop
It's that nigga, always into somethin'
Plumpin', six years old, I was humpin', like I'm Bobby
I'ma bust a bitch in the lobby
Money is my pro fest, a ho' is my hobby

Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
If that's not the truth, then I'm a liar
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Here I hold somethin' that a bitch admire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
I need to get sucked up, 'til I retire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Have her get low, I'ma get you higher
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire

Got the green, like jumped in, call me chimney
Pussy on fire, like the bitch was a chimney
Play the music low, put the lights on, dimly
Ten hoes, standin' all around, like an assembly
Fucked me up, 'til my thing got soft
Tried to put them clothes on, now they back off
Keep on pumpin', baby, don't slack off
Fuck them other bitches, let them hoes jack off
I'm ridin' in that tutu, in that BP
Keep fuckin' with a nigga, pretty soon, skeet-skeet
Window to the wall, indoor with some hypnotic
Hit the chronic, after that, a bitch got it
I'm like a don, better yet, a cold vet
Moet on the bitch
Get her more wet, bone the bitch
Get her whole check, own the bitch
Never give a bitch up for sex, loan that bitch

Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
If that's not the truth, then I'm a liar
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Here I hold somethin' that a bitch admire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
I need to get sucked up, 'til I retire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Have her get low, I'ma get you higher
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire
Ooh, hot, that girl's on fire

// It Blows My Mind //

You should smokes with me

The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
It blows my mind

Blowin' chronic to me, it's like a tradition to me
I got the pi-doun, so sit down and listen to me
Don't go against me, fool, go with me
We could blow it all together, like Bobby Brown and Whitney
Yeah, we got somethin' in common
They could search a nigga, but they never findin' my bomb
And I got the stash, spot, my cash got
Lot of motherfuckers pumpin' police shots
I'm not the one, nigga, you can call me the two
Bob Marley reincarnated, pupils dilated
Emancipated, concentrated, debated, rated, many times
You surprised how I made it, huh? You hate it, huh?
But you know, I ain't even trippin'
I'm splittin' that swisher up, plottin' on the come up (Yeah)
I'm livin' my life, and never putting my gun up
Drinkin' my drink, and I'ma smoke that blunt

The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
It blows my mind

The greener the tree, the better the bud
The strength of the branch will tell you how chronic it was
I'm buzzin' high, slidin', slippin'
Got you listenin' to Snoop, it make you feel like you Crippin'
It's all to the good, the dash is wood
You got some hoes in your truck and now you're ready to fuck
But, they're frontin' and fakin', and time is wastin'
She don't wanna give you her number, now she hollerin' at Jason
Now don't get mad, just roll to the pad
And keep a G on the bitch and roll another dub bag (My nigga)
Light that shit, hit that bitch
Then pass it to your homie like a player, pimp (Blaze that bitch)
And when you get dizzone (Dizzone)
Crack the door, and let me get a little snizzle
Cause ain't no fun, if the homies can't get none
Puff, puff, pass my nigga, one lizza

The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
It blows my mind

Do you want to smoke with me? (Do you want to?)
Come and keep me company
Baby, come and fuck with me
You should smokes with me
Do you want to smoke with me? (Do you want to?)
Come and keep me company
Baby, come and fuck with me
You should smokes with me

It's the diabolical, chronical, mythological
Psychological, make a model ho' fuck a G
Pre-medical, steady slow those, ready can get it
Teacher taught it to those inside, with mind apparatus
My status has been the baddest, ever since I intro'd
I'm that nigga that brought y'all the info (On what?)
On the Chucks, French braids, and endo
Big Snoop Dogg, with the fog on the window
Spell your name in it, put your face in it
And hang with the nigga with the gangbang spinach
Drag it, blunt wrap it, or zig-zag it
It don't really matter, even if it's in the package
Put it to the side, so when your boy hit the Eastside
I'm look for the firefied G5
Ayo Pharrell, gimme that VA discount
I'm tryna bounce with the whole ounce (Smoke me out)

The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin'
It blows my mind

Do you want to smoke with me? (Do you want to?)
Come and keep me company
Baby, come and fuck with me
You should smokes with me
Do you want to smoke with me? (Do you want to?)
Come and keep me company
Baby, come and fuck with me
You should smokes with me

Do you, do you, do you, do you, do you?
Do you think that you could fuck with weed?
Yeah, Pharrell, this that shit right here
And BBC - nigga
It's some of that, that next level shit right here, nephew
Sure 'nough, sure 'nough, you know, I know I like that shit

The chronic's blowin' (I'm just stoned to be here)
The chronic's blowin' (Don't nobody smoke like me)
The chronic's blowin' (Real shit, haha)
The chronic's blowin' (Keep your chronic blowin')
The chronic's blowin' (Everywhere I'm goin')
The chronic's blowin' (And now you knowin', yeah)
The chronic's blowin'
The chronic's blowin' (We just smokin', they ain't countin' our bank)
It blows my mind

Drinkin' our drink, do you dig what I'm sayin'?
We ain't gon' never swim, we gon' stay afloat
Cause we always hit the right note (It blows my mind)
That's real shit, Pharrell, you my loc'
And that's for life, my nigga, haha
Gangsta Gumpo, Neptunes, Star Trak (It blows my mind)
Billionaire Boys Club, D.P.G, Doggystyle Records, ooh-wee
(It blows my mind)
Hahaha

// Fly Ridez By //

Just kick a lil' somethin' for them cars that be bumpin'
Yeah, alright, but we need a beat that can front too
Oh, that work
Be funky, you know what I'm sayin'?
Fly ride by, fly ride by with the boomin' system
Fly ride by with the boomin' system (Funky)
Fly ride by
For all the cars out there (Fly ride by)
And all the brothers that like to front your eye (Fly ride by)
Check this out

You know it's funky, funky, funky, 'cause you heard it from hearsay
A jam, that your mother don't be gettin' no airplay
Strictly for frontin' when you're ridin' around
Twelve o'clock at night with your windows down
Headlights blinkin', 'cause your battery's drained
All my all on your tires and that big old chain
Parkin' outside of all the hip-hop spots
Push the EQ and play connect the dots
Leanin' to the side, people everywhere
Trunk full of amps, it's ain't no room for a spare
Big beats bumpin' with the bass in the back
All the Sadiddy, motherfuckers catch a heart attack
'Cause they don't understand why I act this way
Pump went up the funky beat, until the bread today
It's because I want attention when I'm ridin' by
And the bitches on my dick, 'cause I'm Soopafly

Fly ride by with the boomin' system
Fly ride by (Yo, just front)
Fly ride by with the boomin' system
Fly ride by

Bitches wanna ride with a nigga like me
'Cause they be hearin' me gettin' funky, frequently
They tell me "Don't drink and drive", I say "What is this?"
Pass the Moet and mind your business
Roll up a blunt, pass it around
Laid back, hypnotized by the funky sound
People outside see me boppin' my head
While I'm checkin' out the rapper and the rhymes that he said
I'm pimpin', and I don't care if you know
The backseat of my car's like a disco show
You would think I was a good friend of Al Capone
Crazy air freshener, who needs cologne
Bottom to the bottom to the top to the top
Cruise, it's three o'clock
The girl is a smile, she see me comin'
I'm steady hummin', I got the funky drummer drummin'
My trunk be chicken, vibratin' and rattlin'
Poppin' so loud, all the shorties be battlin'
My right-hand man's here without the swing
Every chance I get, I'm showin' off my rings
I can keep it up, until the break of dome
'Cause I'm frontin' in my ride, and my word is bond

Fly ride by with the boomin' system (You know what I mean?)
Fly ride by (Frontin')
Fly ride by with the boomin' system
Fly ride by

Sunroof open, so I can feel the wind blow
I don't give a damn if you crash my back window
Y to the O, to the U, to the G
To the O, to the T, to the T to the A
To the D, to the O, to the I, to the T
To the period, that means I'm pimpin'
Like Snoop Dogg said, I leave a bitch for dead
Don't fuck up my lap and don't get too cozy
I got the gangster taste in the place
Like a bass-head would say, I want bass
I wanna hit, I wanna dose
You rollin' up, smilin', but you can't come close
'Cause my system is pumpin' loud
Like Rakim said, I wanna move the crowd
I warm it up, but can't fight the power with P.E
Tell the cops he gots to chill with EPMD
This is somethin' devastatin', vibratin' the trunk
Every minute Soopafly is like a fuser of the funk

Fly ride by with the boomin' system (You know what I mean?)
Fly ride by (Word)
Fly ride by with the boomin' system
Fly ride by ('Til the next time you are)
Fly ride by with the boomin' system (Ridin' in your shit)
Fly ride by (Pumpin' your shit)
Fly ride by with the boomin' system (Just remember)
Fly ride by (It's cool, peace)

// Freaky Lil' //

Oh, yeah, papa
She's the freak of the week (Freaky, freaky, freaky)
She's so fly and so petite and so sweet
She's the mellow in my yellow
She's the high in my "Hello"
Do you dig what I'm sayin', fella?
Yeah, rock, rock, y'all

Oh, I, oh, I, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh, I (Oh, I)
Oh, I, oh, I, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh, I (Oh, I, yeah, yeah, yeah)

This girl is the freak of the week
But I'd be damned if I let her out-freak me
Do you know who you freakin' with?
It's Dr. Freakenstein
Here to freak with your body, your soul, and your mind
Can I hit the cool pack one more time? (Yeah, hahaha)

The girl's a freak, the girl's never missin' a beat
The girl's a freak, the girl's never missin' a beat, yeah, yeah
And I just need deep sugars, throw the leaves, when she went down on me

She went down on me, 'cause that's what she wanna do (Wanna)
It ain't about what you wanna do or what you gonna do (Gotta)
You gotta do what you gotta do, now do it
Get to the task, do it real fast (Fast)
Go on, baby girl, go and shake that ass
You know you wanna break it down and try to give it to me
'Cause you wanna fuck with the P.I.M.P
And it's all great, baby (Yeah)
Give it to a nigga, 'cause you're oh-so crazy
And shake it, drop it, pop it, quick
And let a nigga hit that ultimate

Take me in and turn me out
Show me what the lil' muffin all about
I show you what a real nigga all about
Make me take it out your pussy, now put it in your mouth
Take me in and turn me out
Show me what the lil' muffin all about
I show you what a real nigga all about
Make me take it out your pussy, now put it in your mouth, lil' freak

Freak with me, freakin' with your mind
Freakazoid's around the world
This is Dr. Freakenstein, one more 'gain, my friend
Here to sin the end to the win, and put the juice to the gin
And as we say in the streets, it's all to the good
If you lose, or if you win
She's a freak, she was born to be a freak
She can't do nothin' but freak
You ask her to speak, and she can't do nothin' but freak
Seven days a week, the girl was born to freak
And me bein' the freak that I am
Come freak with me
And I'll freak your mind, body, and soul
And show you how to maintain and do this thing
But Doggystyle is the way I freak
How else could I get to the booty if I don't attest from the back?
Yeah, freak of the week
This is dedicated to all the freaky nasty girls
That like to shake what their mama gave 'em
Misbehavin' is the thing to do
I love it when a girl does somethin' that she's never done
And she has fun while she's doin' it
Suck me, bitch

Oh, I, oh, I, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh, I (Oh, I)
Oh, I, oh, I, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh, I (Oh, I, yeah, yeah, yeah)

// Vote For Snoop //

A vote to you
Yo, what up? This is Big Snoop
If you can
And Marvin Gaye
Pull the country through
And I'm runnin' for president
You're the man
Believe it

You've been talkin', talkin' to the people
Tryin' to get 'em to go your way
Tellin' us not to worry
You say we won't be led astray
So blind from signifyin'
Your opponents, followin' 'em all with lies
Oh, think about the mistakes you made
I believe America's at stake
Bustin', bustin' is an issue
Come on, let me hear your plan, mister
'Cause, if you've got a plan
If you've got a master plan

I got to vote for you (Vote for me)
I got to vote for Snoop
You're the man (Snoop Dogg)

That's what I'ma do, Marvin, I'm gunnin' for it
The presidential candidate, I'm runnin' for it
See, 'cause I'm tired of these folks leavin' us broke
It's a joke, until you get up, get out and vote
You see, these laws was made to bring you down
But vote for me, and I'ma turn this thing around
See, I'm the closest thing to Clinton, did I mention?
I blow the sax and I love gettin' waxed in the kitchen
Keepin' my balls up, the oval office
What we use for negotiatin' and bargainin'
The target is to get this thing crackin'
They got a black man in the white house
Marvin, turn the lights out

Yeah, Big Snoop Dogg runnin' for president
Somebody gotta change the world, real talk
Marvin Gaye
I wanna thank you for gettin' down with me on this record right here
I'ma let you gon' get back to where you was at
May your soul rest in peace
We gon' make a difference out here, yeah
All this black on black crime, it's gotta stop
All of this negative and this nonsense, it's gotta stop
It's time for us to wake up
It could be a better place, it's all about how you do it
Vote for me, Big Snoop Dogg, preach

// Wanna Hump You //

Haha, Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3 (Preach)
Big Snoop Dogg doin' it again for y'all
I told you niggas, I run the streets, 'cause
It's my game, that's right, it's my game, nigga
I wanna spit at the hoes for a minute
Excuse me, for real
Let me holler at you bitches real quick

I ain't comin' like a goddamn fool
I'm only here, 'cause I wanna be with you
Because I love you, ooh-ooh
Now you can act like you ain't cool
But all of this shit that I'm spittin' at you
'Cause I know it (Yeah, you know I know this shit, trip)

Can we? Eastside, and blaze up some of this gushy
That's gonna get your ass high (It's gonna get your ass high)
Can we rock on? So let me sleep this dick up in you
And get you a ride (And get you a ride)
Never mind if I'm carryin', oh, wanna hit that ass all night long
I just wanna hump you, you know we fuckin', babe
We gon' fuck 'til the break of dome, so lay back and take off that thong
We gon' be fuckin', you know we humpin', babe

Back on the road, I got a show to do
With my nigga 50 and the G-Unit, I'm lovin' (G-Unit)
Yeah, I love seein' where the posters back
Ask Soopafly or my nephew Daz
Man, we does it (You know we does it)
The hoes get up wild
Especially when they let me feel this Doggystyle (Doggystyle)
I break these hoes, a store is what she wanna be
So I'ma make this ho'
I was just smokin' on, tryna get my socks blown
Won't you come join me, won't you come suck me, baby?
Fuck, it's so alone and strong, bring your homegirls, come on
All y'all, come suck me, we gon' be humpin', baby

Playboy bunny, playboy pimpin', playboy mansion, playboi mission
Playboy bunny, playboy pimpin', playboy mansion, playboi mission
Playboy bunny, playboy pimpin', playboy mansion, playboi mission
Playboy bunny, playboy pimpin', playboy mansion, playboi mission
Playboy bunny, playboy pimpin', playboy on a mission, yeah

Three, two, one, I need six new ones
And hand me them chucks, them dark-blue ones
To Crip on, creep on, and act right
And get baby girl a little act right
She wanna lay up and play with a player (What?)
Don't pay up, you can't stay, a parlay with a player
Say you, nigga, ain't playin' with your bitch
You gotta get right, get up, and get dick
'Cause that's the laws of the Dogg
Not to be broken by anyone
Rules were meant to be broke, but if you break mine
I'ma slap you and make you take five
Let's take a walk outside
Before you slip on ice, I'm twice as nice (Hahaha)
I care to kid you
Have you cryin' 'til you're mama talkin' 'bout "How did you?"
And I ain't frontin', I'm keepin' it real
I'm doin' what the fuck I want, for real (Pharrell)

Welcome to tha Chuuch, Vol. 3
Yeah, so you know
You come backstage, you get on the tourbus
When we get to the hotel room, we straight fuckin'
We can't handle them lawsuits, none of that bullshit
You see how they tryna do my nigga?
We refuse to be done, so, no
When you get in, you gon' eat some dick
It's just the rules
'Cause if you ain't lyin', you can't ride it
Chuuch, haha, yeah, yeah, yeah
I wanna shoot this out to all my favorite hoes, hoes, yeah
For all my favorite hoes, hoes, haha
I'm gone

