Album: TheDarkSideOfTheMoon

// Speak To Me //

I've been mad for fucking years
Absolutely years, been over the edge for yonks
Been working me buns off for bands
I've always been mad, I know I've been mad
Like the most of us have
Very hard to explain why you're mad
Even if you're not mad
Hahahahahahaha! Hehehehehehehe!
Ah-ah-ah

// Breathe //

Breathe, breathe in the air
Don't be afraid to care
Leave, but don't leave me
Look around
Choose your own ground

Long you live and high you fly
And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry
And all you touch and all you see
Is all your life will ever be

Run, rabbit run
Dig that hole, forget the sun
And when at last the work is done
Don't sit down
It's time to dig another one

For long you live and high you fly
But only if you ride the tide
And balanced on the biggest wave
You race towards an early grave

// On The Run //

"Have your baggage and your passports ready and follow the green line to customs and then to immigration. BA 215 to Rome, Cairo and Lagos..."

"Live for today, gone tomorrow. That's me... ha ha ha..."

// Time //

Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain
You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today
And then one day you find ten years have got behind you
No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
Racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time
Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way
The time is gone, the song is over, thought I'd something more to say

Home, home again
I like to be here when I can
And when I come home cold and tired
It's good to warm my bones beside the fire
Far away, across the field
The tolling of the iron bell
Calls the faithful to their knees
To hear the softly spoken magic spell

// The Great Gig In The Sky //

And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do, I don't mind
Why should I be frightened of dying?
There's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime

I never said I was frightened to die

// Money //

Money, get away
You get a good job with more pay and you're OK
Money, it's a gas
Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash

New car, caviar, four-star daydream
Think I'll buy me a football team

Money, get back
I'm alright, Jack, keep your hands off of my stack
Money, it's a hit
Ah, don't give me that do-goody-good bullshit

I'm in the high-fidelity first-class traveling set
And I think I need a Learjet

Money, it's a crime
Share it fairly but don't take a slice of my pie
Money, so they say
Is the root of all evil today
But if you ask for a rise it's no surprise that they're giving none away

Away, away, away
Away, away, away
Away, ooh

"Ha-ha! I was in the right!"
"Yes, absolutely in the right!"
"I certainly was in the right!"
"Yeah, I was definitely in the right. That geezer was cruising for a bruising!"
"Why does anyone do anything?"
"Yeah!"
"Why does anyone do anything?"
"I don't know, I was really drunk at the time!"
"I was just telling him it was in, he could get it in number two. He was asking why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. After, I was yelling and screaming and telling him why it wasn't coming up on fader eleven. It came to a heavy blow, which sorted the matter out."

// Us And Them //

Wasn't the right
[?]
Why does anyone do anything?
Just tell me
I don't know, I was really drunk at the time!

Us (Us, us, us, us, us) and them (Them, them, them, them)
And after all, we're only ordinary men

Me (Me, me, me, me, me) and you (You, you, you, you, you)
God only knows it's not what we would choose to do (To do, to do, to do)

"Forward!" he cried from the rear
And the front rank died
The general sat and the lines on the map
Moved from side to side

Black (Black, black, black, black) and blue (Blue, blue, blue, blue)
And who knows which is which and who is who (Is who, is who, is who, is who)

Up (Up, up, up, up, up) and down (Down, down, down, down)
And in the end it's only round and round (round, round, round), and round (round, round, round, round)

"Haven't you heard it's a battle of words?"
The poster bearer cried
"Listen, son," said the man with the gun
"There's room for you inside"

I mean, they're not gonna kill ya
So like, if you give 'em a quick short, sharp, shock
They won't do it again
Dig it? I mean, he got off lightly
'Cause I would've given him a thrashing
I only hit him once!
It was only a difference of right and wrong, innit?
But really, I mean good manners don't cost nothing, do they, eh?

Down (Down, down, down, down) and out (Out, out, out, out)
It can't be helped, but there's a lot of it about

With (With, with, with, with), without
And who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about? (About, about, about, about?)

Out of the way, it's a busy day
I've got things on my mind
For want of the price of tea and a slice
The old man died

