Album: TheFinalCut

// The Post War Dream //

"...the groups of... announced plans to build a nuclear fallout shelter at Peterborough in Cambridgeshire..."

"...three high court judges have cleared the way for..."

"...It was announced today, that the replacement for the Atlantic Conveyor the container ship lost in the Falklands conflict would be built in Japan. A spokesman for..."

"...moving in. They say the third world countries, like Bolivia, which produce the drug are suffering from rising violence..."

Tell me true. Tell me why
Was Jesus crucified?
Was it for this that daddy died?

Was it you? Was it me?
Did I watch too much T.V.?
Is that a hint of accusation in your eyes?

If it wasn't for the Nips
Being so good at building ships
The yards would still be open on the Clyde

And it can't be much fun for them
Beneath the rising sun
With all their kids committing suicide

What have we done?
Maggie, what have we done?
What have we done to England?

Should we shout? Should we scream?
What happened to the post-war dream?
Oh, Maggie, Maggie, what did we do?

// Your Possible Pasts //

They flutter behind you your possible pasts
Some bright-eyed and crazy some frightened and lost
A warning to anyone still in command
Ranks! Fire!
Of their possible future to take care
In derelict sidings the poppies entwine
With cattle trucks lying in wait for the next time

Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)

She stood in the doorway the ghost of a smile
Haunting her face like a cheap hotel sign
Her cold eyes imploring the men in their macs
For the gold in their bags or the knives in their backs
Stepping up boldly one put out his hand
He said, "I was just a child then. Now I'm only a man."

Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)

By the cold and religious we were taken in hand
Shown how to feel good and told to feel bad
Tongue tied and terrified we learned how to pray
Now our feelings run deep and cold as the clay
Strung-out behind us the banners and flags
Of our possible pasts lie in tatters and rags

Do you remember me? How we used to be?
Do you think we should be closer?
(Closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer, closer)

// One Of The Few //

When you're one of the few to land on your feet
What do you do to make ends meet?
Teach
Make 'em mad, make 'em sad, make 'em add two and two
Or make 'em me, or make 'em you, make 'em do what you want them to
Make 'em laugh, make 'em cry, make 'em lay down and die

// When The Tigers Broke Free //

It was just before dawn
One miserable morning in black 'forty four
When the forward commander
Was told to sit tight
When he asked that his men be withdrawn
And the Generals gave thanks
As the other ranks held back
The enemy tanks for a while
And the Anzio bridgehead
Was held for the price
Of a few hundred ordinary lives

And kind old King George
Sent Mother a note
When he heard that Father was gone
It was, I recall
In the form of a scroll
With gold leaf and all
And I found it one day
In a drawer of old photographs, hidden away
And my eyes still grow damp to remember
His Majesty signed
With his own rubber stamp

It was dark all around
There was frost in the ground
When the Tigers broke free
And no one survived
From the Royal Fusiliers Company Z
They were all left behind
Most of them dead
The rest of them dying
And that's how the High Command
Took my daddy from me

// The Hero's Return //

Jesus, Jesus, what's it all about?
Trying to clout these little ingrates into shape
When I was their age all the lights went out
There was no time to whine and mope about

And even now part of me flies
Over Dresden at angels one five
Though they'll never fathom it behind my sarcasm
Desperate memories lie

Sweetheart, sweetheart, are you fast asleep? Good
That's the only time that I can really speak to you
And there is something that I've locked away
A memory that is too painful to withstand the light of day

When we came back from the war
The banners and flags hung on everyone's door
We danced and we sang in the street
And the church bells rang

But burning in my heart
The memory smoulders on
Of the gunners dying words
On the intercom

// The Gunner's Dream //

Floating down through the clouds
Memories come rushing up to meet me now
But in the space between the heavens
And in the corner of some foreign field

I had a dream
I had a dream

Goodbye Max
Goodbye ma
After the service when you're walking slowly to the car
And the silver in her hair shines in the cold November air
You hear the tolling bell
And touch the silk in your lapel
And as the tear drops rise to meet the comfort of the band
You take her frail hand
And hold on to the dream

(Oi!)
A place to stay
(Over here, Morris!)
Enough to eat
(Get back! Get back, John!)
Somewhere old heroes shuffle safely down the street
Where you can speak out loud
About your doubts and fears
And what's more no-one ever disappears
You never hear their standard issue kicking in your door
You can relax on both sides of the tracks
And maniacs don't blow holes in bandsmen by remote control
And everyone has recourse to the law

And no one kills the children anymore
No one kills the children anymore

Night after night
Going 'round and 'round my brain
His dream is driving me insane

In the corner of some foreign field
The gunner sleeps tonight
What's done is done
We cannot just write off his final scene
Take heed of the dream
Take heed

// Paranoid Eyes //

Button your lip and don't let the shield slip
Take a fresh grip on your bulletproof mask
And if they try to break down your disguise with their questions
You can hide, hide, hide
Behind paranoid eyes

You put on our brave face and slip over the road for a jar
Fixing your grin as you casually lean on the bar
Laughing too loud at the rest of the world
With the boys in the crowd
You can hide, hide, hide
("I'll tell you what, I'll give you three blacks, and play you for five")
Behind petrified eyes

("Ta! You was unlucky there, son")
You believed in their stories of fame, fortune, and glory
Now you're lost in a haze of alcohol soft middle age
The pie in the sky turned out to be miles too high
And you hide, hide, hide
("Time gentleman!")
Behind brown and mild eyes

"Oi!"

