Album: Lizzobangers

// Lizzie Borden //

Inspiration? - let me think about it
Violation? - no doubt about it
Man on the run
Man under fire
They bout burn him up
The drones have him surrounded
Click click click boom
Pound it
Click click hashtag pound sign it
It's on your trending map
Co sign it
But when they come please do not run just open your mouth unto zion
Big bear (ah!)
Little human
A lot of salt
A little cumin
Add it to the pot
And light it up
Pow!

We do mean harm
You please disarm
Don't say a word
(If you do we're terrible we come in twos and ruin you)

Click Click Boom
Click Click Boom
Click Click Boom
Click Click Boom
Lizzie Borden
Lizzie Borden
Lizzie Borden
Lizzie Borden

Running up under the system
Wondering if you can miss him
Covering up with a black scarf
Tell me the difference, you can't huh?
Washing all the brains
Nasty with the fangs
Shooting all the shooters got my looters in this thing like
(We don't give no fucks)
Plus we got the antidote
Blacker than a quarter note
Play niggas like a pentatonic scale
Go to hell, you don't know me but I know you very well

We do mean harm
You please disarm
Don't say a word

We do mean harm
You please disarm
Don't say a word
(If you do we're terrible we come in twos and ruin you)

// W.E.R.K., Pt. II //

[Lizzo:]
Werk!
Werk like a Boss

Talk talk talk talk talk talk talk
That's what everybody and they mama wanna do
Whomp whomp whomp
Remote please, mute!
You can have your pennies and your two cent 'tude
(Oh my God that's so messed up, how dare she say that in a song
Anti-fem, she's so wrong. I'm gonna post this on my blog)
Take a hike! Matter'o fact-jog
I've been running what took so long
I've been gunning for the top (boy stop!)
I've been reviving this thing, Ben Taub
If you took it upon yourself to take your self so literal
You're missing on the minerals to liberate your inner liberal
Generally I don't give a rat's patootie
But you pursued me
So here's my battle cry against those who slew me, who never knew me
(Big girl, small world)

Do I need to re-remind you that you sipping from the C-h-a-l-I-c-e
And I'm doing all this for the W-E?

[Cliff Rhymes:]
Getting dirt for the turf like a workaholic
But your worth cop a shirt 'cause you work is na-na
Niggahs can't pay rent putting hustle in their mou-mou
Grasp for the raps for the stack when they can. Do
Slack, and I have to attack and offend you
Smashing these tracks... and that's what I'm into

[Lizzo:]
Lookin like a girl cause I'm keeping it youthful
Such a freakin lady, classy and beautiful
Thinking like a man, for those who don't understand
Is having two grips to gain the upper hand
If you had the courage to give me reprimand to my face
Instead of slight of hand, you da Man!
(My employees no-I-me)

// Wat U Mean //

A-what you mean? Been up in this thing so long, I'm like a sleeve
Covering, I'm outchea, please don't be deceived
Roll me up? Nigga please! Don't be presumptuous
I packed you up for lunch and I ate you, you were scrumptious
Literal or not, I'm rambunctious, you yellow belly munchkins
Ain't that something? With your oompady-doo like
"Ding dong, the witch ain't dead, you better look out 'fore she chop yo' head!"
Breaking bread with the queens at the dinner table
Lapdogs eat scraps if you're able
Maybe throw you a bone if I feel like it
Maybe give you some steak if the mood right
Right now, homie, bow down
Looking at my head like my head need a crown
Crown on the rocks, nigga, weed in the box, nigga
Give me if you got figures, what I want's a lot bigger!

What you mean
What you mean
What you mean
To me, to me, to me, to me

Lizzo be eating though, Lizzo be hungry
Lizzo Big GRRRL Small World till it ain't funny
Say my name three times like I'm in destiny
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of Four Loko
Chillin' with my niggas in the back like mane
Came a long way, umbrellas for the rain
If you came this far, you better play the game
Because success and fame be two different things
I remember being sad about boys and stuff
But that was way back in middle school
Now I'm making crowds make noise and stuff
And all my people back home like, "who knew?"
Normally I don't like to toot my own horn
Cause I don't got a car yet and, well, that sucks
Being a rapper these days ain't what it seems
Man, really you ain't making all the big bucks, but I'm killin' it
I'm just saying that I'm feeling the wheeling one would experience
While wheeling and gripping the wheel and gettin' it
And my limericks be the same thing that get me on the cover, trick!

What you mean
What you mean
What you mean
To me, to me, to me, to me

// T-Baby //

Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Got it in the bag

Kiss me on my ego, tell me what one tastes like
I've never been the proud one, kicked it hard in stage right
Ego's can take a pounding, when the mind's dim and the light's bright
Too bad for you, that your ignorance is in hindsight
In retrospect, remembering the time I was derelict
More like Derelicte, I made homeless chic
Kick it in the Subaru
Played a show, showered at the gym, and slept at the studio
My Lean Cuisine was a ramen noodle but you know I rocked that

Black mask, black sash (trick)
Pull up, silence, gasp!
Big girl, small world (thick)
I got it in the bag
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Got it in the bag

Sent the flying monkeys out
Get up on the level that I'm talking bout
Feeling like a rebel in the melting pot
Oh, you got figures so I'm jelly huh?
Oh, you're fairly smug that's embarrassing
Biting on your black tongue
Came a long way in this thing so you can't label me as a "nigga with a microphone"
Dorothy Dandridge
Chuck Berry
Michael Jackson is
Black excellence
My girl, you silenced
Michael, you de-Princed
Chuck B. put a white girl in his car and he crossed the line so you fenced him in them prisons?!
Who is "you?"
I'm talkin' to you
You know who you are
The reason I can't be a black star without your black card
Swipe swipe to the corporations
Salute give you salutations
Look down at the graves you've spit in
(These niggas trippin')

Black mask, black sash (trick)
Pull up, silence, gasp!
Big girl, small world (thick)
I got it in the bag
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Tar baby
Got it in the bag

Hardest working woman in the T.C.? Hardly, I feel lazy
I was eating phở when I wrote this
Fever, 103
Met some cool Minnesotans, but really
Some of y'all need a lesson from Lazerbeak

I rock that
Rock that, rock that
(Baby)

// Be Still //

I wake up every morning feeling like slapping a nigga
Squeeze trigger, stay scheming then I realize I'm still dreaming
Oops, psych! believing in believers ability to still scream for a nigga till you get nosebleeds
I be so scuffed up from kicking them rocks
And if you're so tough come run up and get clocked
Tick tock tock tock
If you got them slippery socks
Yo I'mma give it all that I got
To make a nigga slide in the vault
Then bake a nigga dash in some salt
I bring a nigga home and pole vault
Then blame a nigga like it's your fault
(You're fault!)

I never understood and I will never understand
The tolerance for ho-ishness that some of you people have
"ME?" You, yeah you
I'm talking to the middle man
Like how you're content with giving someone else the upper hand
Walking around your cubicle, your tie with your coffee mug
Syphoning the hard earned work from the thugs and hustlers, cause
Takin a chill pill before I whip my sword out like uma in kill bill
Makin niggas gasp like Emmitt Till
And I'mma keep on giving you the gospel like God's will, Peace! Be Still

This is God's will peace be still

Can I fall in love before the world ends?
Can my record get a few major spins? I'm saying
I don't wanna think about tomorrow because I'm still hustling
Until then, I guess it's just me, you, theses food stamps and cravings
No raisins in the sun, just Funyins and a Sunkist, we up in the club making it mist
Like a missed alcohol (though I see it every night)
And that tylenol I take everyday period like midil
Bye y'all, I'm moving on to other things by y'all
But not quite bilateral, more like three floors up and down the hall
Let the bygones be bygones, and try to keep the peace like Obama and Biden

All my friends are talented, all my friends got mad skills
All my girlfriends wear heels, all my niggas drug deal
We're tight (psych!)

// Faded //

It's that L to the I to the Z Z O
Ain't got no time for the C3P0, wookie
Never knock nookie, but I'd rather stack cookies
Looking at the sunset the color of Snookie
Woman of the year, huzzah huzzah huzzah, give her three cheers
Killin' everyone up in the coven, witch
Cuttin' all these niggas, better sew up, stitch
Will Smithin' these hoes, you know how it works
Punch a nigga out and say "Welcome to Earth"
I drop a mil, take off a scarf
Locs on my face like "I make this look good", ugh!
Capitalize your capital with a capital G
Giving out my secrets, man, ya'll better pay me
Sucky people marry suckers and they suck
Then they have sucky kids, they grow up, then what?
They attend all the sucky universities
And take our money like it grows on trees
Siphon to the authorities then get confused when we
Conglomerate to the inner cities
Perched on streets, being super sketchy
Skid marks on their knees, their hands in their pockets
They walking by real fast in case we got that rocket
BOOM! Slam the door to they apartment
That sucky wife is pregnant with another sucka ass kid
I'm askin' "When will it end? ", waiting on that meteor shower
To rain down and bring all these suck niggas to they final hour

Don't tell us to slow it down, we won't listen
We're twenty-somethings and it's 20-something
Greenrooms, drugs and liquor and hip hop
We're twenty-somethings and it's 20-something

Rumors that world gon' end don't faze me
I'mma get faded, I'mma get faded

// Hot Dish //

I got a lot on my chest, so here's my breast reduction
I hear the sounds of gums bumping, they ain't saying nothing
I'm sick and tired of being typecast like Lindsay Lohan
When I'm gonna probably outlast most of these niggas flowing
A cover girl with the mouth of a tommy gun
Blow trees and I will blow you away when I'm on the stage
I guess that's why I got them shivering they're very afraid
I guess that's why my checks thin cause dem hate
They steady instigatin' on what they hate on
I'm the rainbow bridge like a pack of 50 crayons
Cause I ain't got no beef with no body
But those bodies need to realize that this is no hobby
I ain't your hook girl, boo, I'm your feature
And I don't need your attention because of my features
I swear to God I feel like a piece of meat every time I'm walking home or even a block from lake street
Man, give me room the only rapper with a womb that will spit that 16 bars to send you rappers to the tomb
Me and my crew we ain't playin' around
Cause ever since we landed we just been the talk of the town
While I talk I remember those who paid the price
I lost my pops man I wish he was alive
I can't let go of the past, he never heard me rap
So I carry his spirit on my back in Minneap
Lizzo in this thing so great, to complement my shape
Nicknamed hot dish complements of the state
I see you hungry niggas
Here you go, some steak
I guess you are what you eat
I guess you're Lizzo taint
Apologies to my mother she thinks that I'm a saint
Apologies to the rappers I dusted out the gate
Yo, I see you munching on my plate
Rip to any beat I meet, see ya

All these hoes wanna suck my (gasp)
But I don't got a (gasp) so I tell them "deal with it"
All these niggas wanna ride my (gasp) but I don't got a (gasp) So I tell them "deal with it"

I peter piper picked a plain pepper and gave it spice
Paprika, eureka, I see ya pow! pow!
My mouth is a gun and the bullets that kaow! kaow!
Are ammo of the knowledge that you don't know
But know now
Sick and tired of these hypocrites
I generations to back me up
Mama Kirkwood and Daddy Jefferson had to deal with it so I'm done
They raped and murdered my ancestors
Hung my great uncle from a tree
So when I look at that maple branch I look in the mirror and say "could be me"
All of these niggas don't know where I'm from
All of these hoes they just wanna have fun
Acting like junkies
Looking like bums
Lower than scum
What's lower scum
What's lower than dumb?
The ignorance displayed by his insolence
He sprayed all the businesses
And laid someone's significant other and mother and brother in the streets
Who said that was OK?
Who said that was cool?

I said it was cool
So what's all the blues, bitch

Take a dip the city's swimming in blood pools

[?]

// Luv It //

Mane, hold up, tell me how you really feel
Grippin' on the wood grain in the Coupe de Ville
Drippin' stains, swervin' lanes, actin' bad, grabbin' cash
In the Frenchies, bad, representin' south of the H-Town
Bout to ball at the mall, call it Galleria
Hatin' niggas from a distance, call it like I see it
"Yes, ma'am" and "No, ma'am", they always glad to meet ya
Stuntin' up in Pappadeaux's, they always glad to treat ya
Sexy papi though, starts down with that shiny grill
Lookin' out of his tinted window, I know it's something like (What's the deal?)
So throwed, ridin' slow, my clique jazzy, yo' clique hoes, ew! Wouldn't touch 'em with a 50-foot pole, even Pepé Le Pew said no
I'm a playa, I don't let nobody take my shine
I get mine, you could feel me like my [?] around
We gettin' down all the way till the sun come up
Sippin' all the purple all out the white cup

How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
Touch down, piece and chain, fool, shiny grill

How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
Touch down, piece and chain, fool, shiny grill

Huh, you know I love it, mane
Uh, you know I love it, mane
Yeah, love it, mane

These fickle, fickle niggas holdin' out for a pretty penny
You swallowin' the truth and now you wizzin' like it's Henny
I'm "run, Forest, run"-ing and my instincts be Jenny
Jenny Craigin' on them boys, I cut the fat and keep the skinny
Here's a skinny on them motherfuckers that get caught up
Yeah, you tryna be the man and ya pushin' ya luck
And you frontin' like we homies then you call me like I owe thee
What about the shit you owe me like the time I spent with yo' ass for free?
You really think I'd waste my time with you?
Building a business relationship if the shit gon' sink?
Nigga, that's how you really feel? Nigga, that's how you think?
Think again next time ya come steppin' to me
Cause I wasn't put on this earth to sing back up for you
Especially if you gon' be selfish and not come through
And I told yo' ho ass partner "Go fuck off" too
So we know why I don't fuck around with you
And I hope it burns in yo' stomach cause Lizzo on the rise
And I won't respond to yo' e-mails like "Duh", surprise
And I don't hold grudges but, boy, ya cut off
And, I mean, you got a little bit of talent but that's not enough
Awwww maannn

How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
Touch down, piece and chain, fool, shiny grill

How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
How ya like me? How ya like me now cause I'm real?
Touch down, piece and chain, fool, shiny grill

// Batches & Cookies //

[Lizzo:]
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

Remember that gooey gooey you took and said "ooh wee, ooh wee"
I need two or two-eee of these, for my baby boo-ee ooo-ee
Talking like boobies, you got a nice pair like some boobies
And you high off that doobie doobie with your Mystery Machine (Scooby)
Feeling bad? Well you should be, BP don't make nothing cheapie
Hanging with them creepy creepies, I sitting in back with PPs
Lookin' holy holy while looking through them holy holies
Holy guacamole, you got that gooey now you a phony

I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

[Sophia Eris:]
Outside of the club
And I'm drip-drip-dripping sugar sweet
Cinnamon on skin with the hooligans
Y'all came to rock, and we came to ah!
Put a sting in her lips, [?] for the eye
Go on, take a sip, got milk in her thighs
[?] on sunny day from green tube and my high prices for the
Dream-dream, not cause I mean it means a thing to take from me
Unless it's just some DMT that's all up in my energy
Yup yup, go on place that bet
If you wanna come test in the mama's nest
With a bullet vest and curious chest
Got the ammo on the brain but I hide the best
Hey, I'm pumped up call me dough cooking
Gooey salty soul tookin', batches in a row lookin'
Magic as all hell, we livin', never ever will we give in
To a wack beat fuck with Lazerbeak in these mad streets
Get it, go there and we give it, haters will forbid it
They fall into the minutes because of imagination
Now the ones who in the nation, we the ones who need escapin'
Then we find some new ovens and we made it

[Lizzo:]
Six-pence and land on the richer
Cut a niggah up and hung him like Jack the Ripper
Undo your zipper, get on your knees
And get ready for the industry in a nutshell (get it?)
Them goods don't get got if it's the only thing you got
Better keep them in that hot black pot
The only thing colder than the local, tell another winter
Thrift store shopping, look like Anna Wintour
You ain't gotta ask about it cause I been hurr
Ridin' in them chariots like we in Ben Hur
Yah sure, ya know, yah sure, ya know, yah sure, ya know...
Rappin' and rappin' and I been steadily stackin'
I put these niggas in napkins and tuck 'em down for a nap
And apologies to the Capitol because I don't pay my capital
And if you happen to hear this then just pretend that you didn't at all, stall

I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
Got my batches and cookies, I got my batches and cookies
I got my batches and cookies, I got my what?

Ooh, goo, cookies, cream
Ooh, goo, cookies, cream

// Pants Vs. Dress //

Aw yeah, ha-ha-ha

South west alief Texas not born but raised
I was kicking it in the west
But mostly down in the trae
Or maybe montrose for a picnic
Galleria boy I was getting it
Playing shows spreading my name
But it was so hot the summer's insane
At South by south west
I was put to the Johnny test
They wanted a freestyle battle
Ok, pants vs dress
One little line
And them boys was impressed
Ditched the southwest to Minneapolis

I pull up to the minne and get buck wild
Moving it shaking it by the pound
West bank, wild n out
Trying to see what that's all about
First ave was recently
My niggas sold it out for a week
I step on the stage
The scene was serene
They ask my name
Said it was queen

I don't what that means
But I know that its good
Nefertiti flow gives you Anuksun wood
Estrogen's in this testosterone heir

So I'm going to sit in my throne
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair

I'm going to sit in my throne
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair
And you can get in your chair

I'm going to sit in my throne
And you can get in your chair

I'm from that south west alief texas
Boy we reckless
Diamonds in our teeth
Shining brighter than your necklace
Aw snap, I got it like that
Writing raps to the boom bap
Setting off a click track
Lyrical, spherical, psych
Just mobbin
And if you got that guap
You better watch it cause we rob you

Ben Taub you, life support
Straight As in life check my progress report
Address my court with piercing eyes
Your knees are shaking can't hold your thighs
I'm barely phased, hardly surprised
I've been the queen, you're just another guy
Marty mcfly, boy you better think
I'm throwing everything at you like the kitchen sink

Yep, so you can sit in your chair
Yep, so you can sit in your chair
Yep, so you can sit in your chair
I going to sit in my throne and you can sit in your chair
I going to sit in my throne and you can sit in your chair
I going to sit in my throne and you can sit in your chair

I'm throning [repeat till end]

// Go //

Wake up in the morning and stop
Feeling like the world's going to drop
If I don't do nothing, I'm going to pop
Now I'm hotter than a boiling pot
If you super tight, people flip
If you fall off, you're a flop
Never thought nothing, would be better than something
That's why I stay watering my crops

I'm not thirsty baby, I'm just lonely
And I'm not distant baby, I'm just busy
Will you miss me baby, when I'm touring
Or will you find someone that's less important
But worth exploring, I'm torn in pieces

So much to do, hold on got to write in these features
I'm listening, but not really
You know us artist types
When we got to go, got to let us

Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go...
Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go...

It's cold outside
And I was thinking
And I was thinking
How warm it is
In the cloud (posturepedic)
But all that is, is vapor, condensation, conversation
Not really, but jack daniel's is the life of the party
Get it started, let him do the talking
Let that man speak
This girl is going to break your heart
Run far away this is your head start
Everything is not what it seems
The girl of your dreams is a nightmare
You don't care

Man, that Jack Daniel's be lying on me
Cause of that dude now you laying on me
Flame is rekindled now I'm trying homie
Don't leave me dry when I'm high homie
You don't how it feels to appear the weakling of your peers from a fear
That's inconceivable to have yourself and to suddenly to let it

Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go...
Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go...

Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go...

Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)
Go, go, go, go, go... (gotta let us)

// Bloodlines //

My great-grandmomma ain't a slave
My great great great great great grandmother
Was a maid
I think that were just made of the same thing
Keeping it together, got the brave in the membrane
Ticky, tick tick that keeps you sane
Are the remnants reminiscing in my brain
1947 when he caught that train
And met my momma's momma in the pouring rain

Ok, light skinned brother with the hazel eyes
Cause ain't nobody messing with VJ
I got a sense of humor, I theorize
From everything he sent down my way
Bloodlines, like cousins like loving
It's nothing. Put them down when its tough
And tie those loose ends to make them meet
Everything is gravy when your people live down the street
I see ya

So wait...
Take this before you escape
Don't make the past feel like a mistake
So wait...
Take this before you escape
Don't make the past feel like a mistake
So wait...
Take this before you escape
Don't make the past feel like a mistake

Swirling, black abyss
Stardust misting, raining down
Shining like the gems of eternity
Formulating for me and mine
Perhaps one day we can mine
Throwing all those minerals and chemical elements
Into the pot
Uh-oh we're getting hot
Through some sun on the stove top
Close the lid, beware of the pop
Of the splash back
Add a dash of that acid
Voila
One day we'll show our kids what we did the Big bang

Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today
Witnessing something that we cannot explain
Dearly departed, we're gather here today
Witnessing something that we cannot explain

Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today
Witnessing something that we cannot explain
Dearly departed, we're gather here today
Witnessing something that we cannot explain

// Bus Passes And Happy Meals //

What you lookin' at? What you lookin' at?
Time go by pretty fast, you wear a pretty mask
You take it off for no one, oh, being you? That's no fun
You're being used for show, hun, if that's what you think so what?
You got a lot of friends, owe you a lot of favors
They bake you porky pies, they come in lots of flavors
Don't listen to the haters, you think that you have haters
Haters are just complainers, and you the first to complain

Oh, it's you? Uh-huh, that's funny
That's real cool, it's me too
I tell 'em, preach!

Look up, don't let nobody pass you
These niggas is nuts like cashews
And they wanna be blessed like "ahhchoo"
But me not have time like Cogsworth
All in all for what it's worth
And the fact that I wrote this in a skirt
(Looks like you don't even need to try)
I'm burying y'all alive
Goes to show I'm leading in the hive
Queen bee, I want that honey
And you over here talking about money?
Hmmm, that's funny
You need to keep in mind
My only price is time
And you can't take that from me

(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive

Sudafed, pop that, a hooligan, step back
I'm giving niggas headaches
Like a mistake on your wedding cake
Minuscule to me, I'm a big deal to you
I picketh thee off like a bug betwixth my shoe
Thou shall not kill, thou shall not steal
Spot lights or record deals, bus passes and happy meals
Nigga, what you know about it? Not much really
You holding out on dough or something? Not me silly
Niggas wanna help and niggas wanna take
Take a bit of this and put it on your plate
I owe you if you the right one
Luckily, I found the right one
Pass it down, I'll make it right son
Give me time, I promise it'll be worth it

(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive

(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive
(Breathe deeply) Cause I'm burying y'all alive

// Paris //

Time's up, I'm jumpin' in the side door
Beside you, disposition those whole mild
A child to a mountain makin' milestones
Gemstones ain't got nothin' on my shine yo
Abide though, the rules I make for potholes
Shut it, I done done it, son it, niggas
Jigga's favorite new artist he ain't heard of
Prince give me mad dubs
Tighter than Michael Jackson's glove, the left one
A-hee-hee, wanna fall in love with me-hee?
And she-hee jelly, you ain't ready for it
And when you ready, I'll get Freddy, we get Jason on it
You complacent homie, you a pencil, I'm erasin' homie
Better get big trick
And as I wrote that, my pen ran out of ink
Now look up irony and tell me what you really think

Have you ever been to Paris, at night?
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I

Have you ever been to Paris, at night?
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I

Have you ever been to Paris? Me neither
And if you said you did then I pro'ly won't believe ya
Got a cousin named Litha, ya pro'ly never meet her
Cause they live in Detroit and that city be lethal
Can't buy liquor on a Sunday, what is you sayin'?
But beyond that man, a nigga can't explain
But beyond you, I could finally see the sand
Excuse me while I give myself a freakin' tan
Kill 'em all like I'm the freakin' Son of Sam
It's like I'm a Muslim and you a piece of ham, yuck
I would never touch ya
Rather, you will never touch me, good luck though
Runnin' and runnin' until I can't go
I clicked the picture that's in y'all's pocket
Part and polly up in lane, partly and polly out makin' particles
Sparkle, that glitter ain't gold, that glitter ain't gold at all
She lyin', you lyin', go flyin', the strike of the iron, that's hot
Step back from pitter pat, get that from the tit for tat
Rat-ta-ta-tatouille, right up when I find you
We sat back, recline, sit to we

... Paris, at night?
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I

Have you ever been to Paris, at night?
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I
Neither have I

(Paris)
I'm in Paris nigga I'm in Paris
In the highway, eatin' crossaints and drinkin' tea bitch

