Album: Wildflowers

// Michael From Mountains //

Michael wakes you up with sweets
He takes you up streets and the rain comes down
Sidewalk markets locked up tight
And umbrellas bright on a grey background
There's oil on the puddles in taffeta patterns
That run down the drain
In colored arrangements
That Michael will change with a stick that he found

Michael from mountains
Go where you will go to
Know that I will know you
Someday I may know you very well

Michael brings you to a park
He sings and it's dark when the clouds come by
Yellow slickers up on swings
Like puppets on strings hanging in the sky
They'll splash home to suppers in wallpapered kitchens
Their mothers will scold
But Michael will hold you
To keep away cold till the sidewalks are dry-

Michael from mountains
Go where you will go to
Know that I will know you
Someday I may know you very well

Michael leads you up the stairs
He needs you to care and you know you do
Cats come crying to the key
And dry you will be in a towel or two
There's rain in the window
There's sun in the painting that smiles on the wall
You want to know all
But his mountains have called so you never do-

Michael from mountains
Go where you will go to
Know that I will know you
Someday I may know you very well

// Since You Asked //

What I'll give you since you asked
Is all my time together;
Take the rugged sunny days,
The warm and Rocky weather,
Take the roads that I have walked along,
Looking for tomorrow's time,
Peace of mind.

As my life spills into yours,
Changing with the hours
Filling up the world with time,
Turning time to flowers,
I can show you all the songs
That I never sang to one man before.

We have seen a million stones lying by the water.
You have climbed the hills with me 
To the mountain shelter,
Taken off the days one by one,
Setting them to breathe in the sun.

Take the lilies and the lace
From the days if childhood,
All the willow winding paths 
Leading up and outward,
This is what I give,
This is what I ask you for;
Nothing more.

// Sisters Of Mercy //

Oh the sisters of mercy, they are not departed or gone.
They were waiting for me when I thought that I just can't go on.
And they brought me their comfort and later they brought me this song.
Oh I hope you run into them, you who've been travelling so long.

Yes you who must leave everything that you cannot control.
It begins with your family, but soon it comes around to your soul.
Well I've been where you're hanging, I think I can see how you're pinned:
When you're not feeling holy, your loneliness says that you've sinned.

Well they lay down beside me, I made my confession to them.
They touched both my eyes and I touched the dew on their hem.
If your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.

When I left they were sleeping, I hope you run into them soon.
Don't turn on the lights, you can read their address by the moon.
And you won't make me jealous if I hear that they sweetened your night:
We weren't lovers like that and besides it would still be all right,
We weren't lovers like that and besides it would still be all right.

// Priests //

And who will write love songs for you
when I am lord at last
and your body is some little highway shrine
that all my priests have passed,
that all my priests have passed?

My priests they will put flowers there,
they will stand before the glass,
but they'll wear away your little window, love,
they will trample on the grass,
they will trample on the grass.

And who will aim the arrow
that men will follow through your grace
when I am lord of memory
and all your armour has turned to lace,
and all your armour has turned to lace?

The simple life of heroes,
and the twisted life of saints,
they just confuse the sunny calendar
with their red and golden paints,
with their red and golden paints.

And all of you have seen the dance,
that God has kept from me,
but he has seen me watching you
when all your minds were free
when all your minds were free.

And who will write love songs for you ...

My priests they will put flowers there ...

// La Chanson Des Vieux Amants //

Bien sûr, nous eûmes des orages 
Vingt ans d'amour, c'est l'amour fol 
Mille fois tu pris ton bagage 
Mille fois je pris mon envol 
Et chaque meuble se souvient 
Dans cette chambre sans berceau 
Des éclats des vieilles tempêtes 
Plus rien ne ressemblait à rien 
Tu avais perdu le goût de l'eau 
Et moi celui de la conquête 

Mais mon amour 
Mon doux mon tendre mon merveilleux amour 
De l'aube claire jusqu'à la fin du jour 
Je t'aime encore tu sais je t'aime 

Moi, je sais tous tes sortilèges 
Tu sais tous mes envoûtements 
Tu m'as gardé de pièges en pièges 
Je t'ai perdue de temps en temps 
Bien sûr tu pris quelques amants 
Il fallait bien passer le temps 
Il faut bien que le corps exulte 
Finalement finalement 
Il nous fallut bien du talent 
Pour être vieux sans être adultes 

Ô mon amour 
Mon doux mon tendre mon merveilleux amour 
De l'aube claire jusqu'à la fin du jour 
Je t'aime encore, tu sais, je t'aime 

Et plus le temps nous fait cortège 
Et plus le temps nous fait tourment 
Mais n'est-ce pas le pire piège 
Que vivre en paix pour des amants 
Bien sûr tu pleures un peu moins tôt 
Je me déchire un peu plus tard 
Nous protégeons moins nos mystères 
On laisse moins faire le hasard 
On se méfie du fil de l'eau 
Mais c'est toujours la tendre guerre 

Ô mon amour
Mon doux mon tendre mon merveilleux amour 
De l'aube claire jusqu'à la fin du jour 
Je t'aime encore tu sais je t'aime

// Sky Fell //

The rain is falling down
Along with the sky
The colors and remembered suns
Are pouring by.

What will I do with the sky
When it is empty?

Come to the window
Put your arms around me again
If you don't hold me
I will wash away with the rain

What will I do with my arms
When they are empty?

I'll just stand here and watch
The sky fall while you
Put yourself together
While you gather up the time it took to
Make us think we would last forever.

The window fills your face
With silver and grain,
You're soaking up the sky
I'll never see it again

What will I do with the sky
When it is empty

What will I do with my life
When you have left me?

// Hey, That's No Way To Say Goodbye //

I loved you in the morning, our kisses deep and warm
Your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy golden storm
Many loved before us, I know that we are not new
In city and in forest they smiled like me and you

Now it's come to distances and both of us must try
Your eyes are soft with sorrow
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye

I'm not looking for another as I wander in my time
Walk me to the corner, our steps will always rhyme
You know my love goes with you as your love stays with me
It's just the way it changes like the shoreline and the sea

But let's not talk of love or chains and things we can't untie
Your eyes are soft with sorrow
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye

I loved you in the morning, our kisses deep and warm
Your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy golden storm
Many loved before us, I know that we are not new
In city and in forest they smiled like me and you

Now it's come to distances and both of us must try
Your eyes are soft with sorrow
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye

