Album: SingsTheHitsOfHisCountryCousins

// Silver Dew On The Bluegrass Tonight //

The moon was softly shing on an old Kentucky home
The fragrance of magnolia's filled the air
A lonely girl was writing to her sweet heart all alone
To say how much she wished that she were there.

Silver dew on the blue grass tonight
How it shines in the moons silver light
And the day that used to be, ow I wish that you could be
Silver dew on the blue grass tonight.

Star of love, high above shining bright
Know the wish that I'm wishing tonight
And you'll bring him back, I know, to the one who loves him so
Star of love high above shining bright.

Silver dew on the blue grass tonight
How it shines in the moons silver light
And the day that used to be, how I wish that you could be
Silver dew on the blue grass tonight...

// Wings Of A Dove //

On the wings of a snow white dove
He sends his pure sweet love
A sign from above (a sign from above)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)

When trouble surrounds us
When evil's come
The body grows weak (body grows weak)
And the spirit grows numb (spirit grows numb)

When these things beset us
He doesn't forget us
He sends down his love (sends down his love)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)

On the wings of a snow white dove
He sends his pure sweet love
A sign from above (a sign from above)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)

When noah had drifted
In the flood many days
He searched for land (He searched for land)
In various ways (In various ways)

Troubles he had some
But wasn't forgotten
He sent down his love (sent down his love)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)

On the wings of a snow white dove
He sends his pure sweet love
A sign from abouve (a sign from above)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)

On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)
On the wings of a dove (wings of a dove)...

// I Could Never Be Ashamed Of You //

Everybody says you let me down
That I should be ashamed to take you 'round
Makes no difference what you used to do
Darling, I could never be ashamed of you

Maybe you were reckless yesterday
But together, we can find a brighter way
In my heart, I know that you'll come through
Darling, I could never be ashamed of you

All the happiness I've ever known
Came the day you said you'd be my own
And it matters not what we go through
Darlin' I could never be ashamed of you

Maybe you've been cheated in the past
And perhaps those memories will always last
Even though you proved to be untrue
Darlin' I could never be ashamed of you...

// The Precious Jewel //

Way back in the hills, when a boy, I once wandered
Buried deep in her grave lies a girl that I love
She was called from this earth, a jewel for heaven
More precious than diamonds more precious than gold.

A jewel here on earth, a jewel in heaven
She'll brighten the kingdom around God's great throne
May the angels have peace, God bless her in heaven
They've broken my heart and they left me to roam.

When a girl of sixteen, we courted each other
She promised someday to become my sweet wife
I bought her the ring to wear on her finger
But the angels they called her to heaven one night.

A jewel here on earth, a jewel in heaven
She'll brighten the kingdom around God's great throne
May the angels have peace, God bless her in heaven
They've broken my heart and they left me to roam...

// It's A Sin //

It's a sin, my darlin', how I love you
Because I know our love can never be
It's a sin to keep this memory of you
When silence proves that you've forgetten me.

But dreams are built for us as humblers
Each tie is broken like my heart
It's a sin, my darling, how I love you
So mush in love and yet so far apart

I'm sure you're happy with another
Whose cares and lovin' I can't win
Why pretend that I can live without you
When deep inside I know that it's a sin...

// Don't Let The Stars Get In Your Eyes //

Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Don't let the moon break your heart
Love blooms at night in daylight it dies
Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Oh, keep your heart for me for someday 
I'll return and you know you're 
The only one I'll ever love.

Too many nights
Too many stars
Too many moons to change your mind
If I'm gone too long don't forget where you belong
When the stars come out remember you are mine.

Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Don't let the moon break your heart
Love blooms at night in daylight it dies
Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Oh, keep your heart for me for someday 
I'll return and you know you're 
The only one I'll ever love.

Too many miles
Too many days
Too many nights to be alone
So please keep your heart while we're apart
Don't you linger in the moonlight while I'm gone.

Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Don't let the moon break your heart
The love blooms at night in daylight it dies
Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Oh, keep your heart for me for someday 
I'll return and you know you're 
The only one I'll ever love.

You're the only one I'll ever love...

// Give My Love To Rose //

I found him by the railroad tracks this morning
I could see that he was nearly dead
I knelt down beside him and I listened
Just to hear the words the dying fellow said.

He said they let me out of prison back in Frisco
For ten long years I've payed for what I'd done
I was trying to get back to Louisiana
Just to see my Rose and get to know my son.

Won't you tell them I said thanks for waiting for me
And tell my boy to help his mama at home 
Tell my Rose to try to find another
For it ain't right that she should live alone.

Mr. here's the bag with all my money
It won't last them long the way it goes
God bless you for finding me this morning
Now don't forget to give my love to Rose.

Give my love to Rose, won't you Mr.
Take her all my money, tell her buy some pretty clothes
Tell my boy that daddy's so proud of him
And don't forget to give my love to Rose...

// The Same Sweet Girl //

All the years have seemed so short since I have known you
And the love I've shared with you I won't forget
And if we should ever reach a hundred years, dear
You will be the same sweet girl as when we met

I'm so glad that I have found you, little darling
In my heart I hold the sweetest memory
And each time I gaze into your eyes it's heaven
I can see the same sweet girl so dear to me

I could never stand to see you with another
When I think of losing you tears start to flow
When your golden curls have changed and turned to silver
You will be the same sweet girl as long ago

You will never have to live on just a promise
I will always be around you when you call
I will never share my kisses with another
Only with the same sweet girl my one and all...

// A Little Bitty Tear //

When you said you were leaving tomorrow
That today was our last day
I said there would be no sorrow, 
That I'd laugh when you walked away.

But A little bitty tear let me down, 
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not to make a frown, 
Oh, but a little bitty tear let me down.

I said that I would laugh when you left me
Pull a funny as you went out the door
That I'd have me another one a-waiting
Yes, to wave goodbye as you go.

But a little bitty tear let me down, 
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown, 
But a little bitty tear let me down.

Everything went like a planned it
And I really put on quite a show
In my heart I felt I could stand it
Till you walked with your grip through the door.

Then a little bitty tear let me down, 
Spoiled my act as a clown
I had it made up not make a frown, 
But a little bitty tear let me down.

A little bitty tear let me down.
A little bitty tear let me down.
A little bitty tear let me down...

