Album: CatchAFire

// Concrete Jungle //

No sun will shine in my day today
(No sun will shine)
The high yellow moon won't come out to play
(That high yellow moon won't come out to play)
I said darkness has covered my light (Darkness has covered my light)
And has changed my day into night, yeah (And has changed my day into night)
Where is the love to be found?
Won't someone tell me?
'Cause life (Sweet life)
Must be somewhere to be found (Has got to be, out there somewhere for me)
Instead of concrete jungle (Jungle, jungle, jungle)
Where the living is hardest (Concrete jungle)
Concrete jungle (Concrete jungle, jungle, jungle)
Man, you've got to do your best (Concrete jungle)

No chains around my feet but I'm not free
I know I am bound here in captivity
Yeah, now (Never know what happiness is)
I've never known happiness
I've never known what sweet caress is (Never know what sweet caress is)
Still, I'll be always laughing like a clown
Won't someone help me?
'Cause I (Sweet life, has got to be)
I've got to pick myself from off the ground
(Out there somewhere for me)
In this here concrete jungle (Jungle, jungle, jungle)
I said, what do you got for me now (Concrete jungle)
Oh ! Concrete jungle (Concrete jungle, jungle, jungle)
Why won't you let me be, now? (Concrete jungle)

I said that life (Sweet life)
It must be somewhere to be found (Has got to be out there somewhere for me)
Oh, instead of concrete jungle (Jungle, jungle, jungle)
Illusion (concrete, jungle !)
Confusion (Concrete, jungle !)

Eh ! Concrete jungle
You name it, you've got it in
Concrete jungle, now (Concrete jungle)
Eh ! Concrete jungle (Jungle, jungle, jungle)
What do you got for me, now?

// Slave Driver //

Ooh ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh
Ooh ooh ooh

Slave driver
The table has turned (Catch a fire)
Catch a fire (Catch a fire)
So you can get burned now
(Catch a fire)

Slave driver
The table has turned (Catch a fire)
Catch a fire (Catch a fire)
You're gonna get burned
(Catch a fire)

Whoa now

Every time I hear the crack of a whip
My blood runs cold
I remember on the slave ship
How they brutalize our very souls
Today they say that we are free
Only to be chained in poverty
Good God, I think it's illiteracy
It's only a machine that make money

(Slave driver)
The table has turned, y'all
(Ooh ooh ooh)
(Slave driver, ugh)
The table has turned, baby now! (Catch a fire)
(Catch a fire)
So you can get burned, baby now! (Catch a fire)
(Slave driver)
The table is turned y'all (Catch a fire)
(Catch a fire)
So you can get burned now (Catch a fire)

Every time I hear the crack of a whip
My blood runs cold
I remember on the slave ship
How they brutalize our very souls
(Ooh ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh)
Oh God have mercy on our souls!
(Ooh ooh ooh)
Oh!

Slave driver
The table has turned, y'all (Catch a fire)
Catch a fire (Catch a fire)
So you can get burned
(Catch a fire)
Slave driver (Slave driver)
The table has turned, y'all (Catch a fire)
Catch a fire
So you can get burned (Catch a fire)

// 400 Years //

400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
Of the same philosophy
400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
And, the people, they still can't see

Why do they fight against
The youth of today?
And without youths
You'd be gone, all gone astray

Come on, let's make a move
(Make a move, make a move)
Now that the time, the time has come
Fools don't see
(Fools don't see, fools don't see)
But I know, the weak is strong

So, come with me
To a land of liberty
Where we can live
Live our lives and be free

400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
Of the same, the same philosophy
400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
And my people, still cannot see

Come with me, you black and you brown
You got to be free
Stop sittin' down on your pride
Just can't hide

400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
Same, same philosophy
400 years
(400 years, 400 years)
Why do black people close their eyes?
Come to reality
(400 years, 400 years)
You've got ability
Just can't see
400 years
(400 years, 400 years)

// Stop That Train //

Stop that train: I'm leaving - today!
Stop that train: I'm leaving - anyway!
Stop that train: I'm leaving. And I said
It won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong
I said, it won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong

All my good life I've been a lonely man
Teaching my people who don't understand
And even though I tried my best
I still can't find no happiness

So I got to say

Stop that train: I'm leaving - any day, now
Stop that train: I'm leaving - don't care what you say!
Stop that train: I'm leaving. And I said
It won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong
Said, it won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong

Some going east; and-a some going west
Some stand aside to try their best
Some living big, but the most is living small
They just can't even find no food at all

I mean, stop it

Stop that train: I'm leaving - leaving, mm-hmm
Stop that train: I'm leaving - I don't mind!
Stop that train: I'm leaving. And I said
It won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong
I said it won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong

Stop that train: I'm leaving – leaving!
Stop that train: I'm leaving - can't take it!
Stop that train: I'm leaving - got to be better!
It won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong
I said it won't be too long whether I'm right or wrong

// Rock It Baby //

Baby, baby, we've got a date (ooh-hoo, ooh-hoo)
Oh, baby, baby, don't you be late. Oh, baby!
I'll meet you at your house at a quarter to eight. (ooh-hoo, ooh-hoo)
Oh, darling, baby, baby, just you have some faith!

I promise you, we're gonna (rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
To (rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
Gonna (rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
Say we (rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)

Wo-oh, na na-na, na na-na, na na!

Oh, we walk through the pale moonlight
With our love that is right
Oh, my, my, my, ye-ah!

Oh, so happy we will be
Sharing the love tha-y is free!

(Got to get together, babe, tonight!)
Oh, darling, say we got to get together, baby, (tonight)
Say we got to get together, babe, (tonight). Get together, babe!
Got to get together, babe, (tonight)!

Baby, we've got a date, don't you remember?
Baby, baby, don't you be late. Please don't forget
I'll meet you at your house at a quarter to eight. Oh, baby!
Baby, baby, just you have some faith! Wo, now!

Say we gonna rock it - rocking!
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight.)
Say we (rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
We gonna (rock it, baby), wo! (Rock it, baby, tonight.)
Say we (rock it, baby) eh! (Rock it, baby, tonight.)
Say we got to get together, babe, (tonight)
Baby, baby, wo! (Say we got to get together, babe, tonight!)
Say we got to get together, babe, (tonight). Are you sure [?]
(Say we got to get together, babe, tonight). Wo!

(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
Gonna (rock it, baby), baby; (Rock it, baby, tonight!)
Eh! (Rock it, baby( oh, baby! (Rock it, baby, tonight!)
Oh! (Got to get together, babe, tonight!)
Got to get together, babe, (tonight)
Say we (got to get together, babe, tonight)
(Got to get together, babe) Eh! Oh-oh, baby! (tonight)

Oh, baby, baby, we've got that date
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight)
Baby, baby, don't you be late!
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight
Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight!) Oh, now!
I'll meet you at your house at a quarter to eight
(Rock it, baby; rock it, baby, tonight

// Stir It Up //

Stir it up
Little darling, stir it up (Come on, baby)
Come on and stir it up (Ooh)
Little darling, stir it up (Oh-oh)

It's been a long, long time, yeah! (Stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Since I got you on my mind (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) Oh-oh!
Now you are here (Stir it, stir it, stir it together), I said
It's so clear
To see what we could do baby (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Just me and you

Come on and stir it up (I wanna say)
Little darling stir it up (Come on, baby!)
Come on and stir it up (Yeah)
Little darling, stir it up! (Oh, mmmh)

I will push the wood (Stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Then I'll blaze your fire
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) Then I satisfy your heart's desire
(Stir it, stir it, stir it together) Said, I stir it every
Every minute (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
All you got to do, baby
Is keep it in, eh!

Stir it up (Come on)
Little darling, stir it up
Come on and stir it up (Oh-oh)
Little darling, stir it up (Oh, mmh)

Quench me when I am thirsty
Come on (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh), cool me down, baby, when I'm hot
Your recipe, darling, is so tasty
When you show (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) and stir your pot

Stir it up, oh
Little darling, stir it up (Come on, girl)
Come on and stir it up (Oh, I)
Little darling, stir it up (Stir it)

Oh, little darling, stir it up (Come on, baby)
Come on and stir it up (Oh, I)
Little darling, stir it up (Stir it up, baby, stir it)
Come on, come on and stir it up (Oh)
Little darling, stir it up (Stir it, stir it, stir it)

// Kinky Reggae //

Uh, ah-oh-oh! I went downtown, (I went downtown)
I saw Miss Brown; (said, I saw Miss Brown)
She had brown sugar (had brown sugar)
All over her booga-wooga. (over her booga-wooga)

I think I might join the fun, (I might join the fun)
But I had to hit and run. (had to hit and run)
See I just can't settle down (just can't settle down)
In a kinky part of town.

Ride on;
Don't you know I've got to (ride on), oh baby,
Ride on; see I just can't settle down. (ride on)
Oh, I'm a leavin' town. (kinky reggae)

Kinky reggae, take me away! (kinky reggae, now) kinky reggae, now!
Oh, kinky reggae; all I've got to say, kinky reggae, now!
Kinky reggae, oh baby! Kinky reggae, now!
It's got to be kinky reggae (keep it up). Kinky reggae, now!
An' I would say: ride on, ride on, ride on (ride on)!
Oh, ride on, baby!
Ride on, come on, woo-o-o! (ride on) wo-now! Eh!

I went down to Piccadilly Circus; (ooh-ooh-ooh)
Down there I saw Marcus: (oo-oo-oo-ooh)
He had a candy tar (ooh-ooh-ooh)
All over his chocolate bar. (oo-oo-oo-ooh)

I think I might join the fun, (I might join the fun)
But I had to hit and run. (had to hit and run)
See I just can't settle down (just can't settle down)
In a kinky, kinky part of town.

Nice one; that's what they say, (nice one)
But I'm leavin' you today. (nice one)
Oh, darlin', please don't pay (nice one)
Mama say - mama say.

Kinky reggae - kinky reggae, uh! Kinky reggae, now!
Take it or leave it!
Kinky reggae, believe it! Kinky reggae, now!
Kinky reggae - it's got to be kinky reggae!
Kinky reggae, now! Cuka-yeah, now!
Kinky reggae - sca-ba-dool-ya-bung, baby!
Kinky reggae, now, oh-oh-ooh!
(Ride on!) Ride on! Come on, yeah! (Ride on)
Riding on - riding on!
Ride on, kinky reggae. Come on, ride on! Eh! Eh!
Kinky, kinky, kinky as kinky (kinky reggae) can be! Reggae! Eh!
Kinky reggae! Let me hear ya say, now: kinky reggae, now. Oh!
Kinky reggae! Kinky reggae, now! Kick it away!
Kinky reggae - kick it away, now! Kinky reggae, now, oh!
Ride on!

// No More Trouble //

(We don't need) No, we don't need (no more trouble) No more trouble!
(We don't need no more trouble)

(We don't need) We don't need (no more) trouble!
We don't need no trouble!
(We don't need no more trouble)
Make love and not war! 'Cause we don't need no trouble

What we need is love (love)
To guide and protect us on (on)
If you hope good down from above (love)
Help the weak if you are strong now (strong)

We don't need no trouble (Need no trouble)
What we need is love. Oh, no!
We don't need, we don't need, no more trouble!
Lord knows, we don't need no trouble!

(We don't need) We don't need trouble (no more trouble)
No more trouble, no more trouble!
Speak happiness! (Sad enough without your woes)
Come on, you all, and speak of love (Sad enough without your foes)

We don't need no trouble
What we need is love now (What we need is love!)
(We don't need) Oh, we don't need no more trouble!
We don't need, no, we don't need no trouble!
We don't (need), no brothers and sisters, (no more trouble!)
We don't need no trouble what we need is love

We don't need, no more trouble, we don't need no more trouble!
Troubles, we don't need (we don't need), Lord, knows!
We don't need no more war (no more trouble)!
No more trouble, we don't need no more, more trouble!

// Midnight Ravers //

Do-do-do. Do-do-do. Do-do-do
(You can't tell the woman from the man)
No, I say you can't, 'cause they're dressed in the same pollution
(Dressed in the same pollution)
Their mind is confused with confusion
With their problems since they've no solution
They become the midnight ravers

Someone say
(Please, don't let me down!)
Oh, please, don't let me - ee-ya-bab, oh, please don't let me down!
(Midnight) Midnight ravers! (ravers) Midnight ravers!
(Please don't) Oh, please, please
Don't let me down, down, down, down, down!
Don't let me down
Don't let me down

I see ten thousand chariots (ah-ah-ah-ah)
And they coming without horses; (coming without horses)
The riders - they cover their face, (ah-ah-ah-ah)
So you couldn't make them out in smoky place
(Make them out in smoky places)
In that musical stampede, where everyone is doing their thing
Musical stampede - people swinging
Musical stampede. Someone say
People, ride on! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Ride on!
(Keep a-riding!) Midnight ravers!
People, ride on! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Ride on!
(Keep a-riding!) Midnight ravers!

I can't tell my woman from the man
She is dressed in the same pollution; (dressed in the same pollution)
Her mind is confused with confusion
To my problem seems there's never - never no solution!

I've become a night-life raver
And I'm begging you, (please) please, please
Oh, beel-ya-ba-ba - please don't you let me down!

(Night-life ravers) Night-life ravers! Night-life ravers!
Oh, please, please, please, please, don't let me down
Don't let me down
Don't let me down!

I see ten thousand chariots (ah-ah-ah-ah)
And they coming without horses; (coming without horses)
The riders they cover their face, (ah-ah-ah-ah)
So you couldn't make them out in smoky place -
In that musical stampede, oh!
It's the musical stampede. Ride on!
It's the musical stampede, some preacher say!
People ride on! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Ride on!
(Keep a-riding!) Midnight ravers!
A-ride on! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Ride on!
(Keep a-riding!) Midnight ravers!
Ride on, y'all! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Ride on!
(Keep a-riding!) Midnight ravers!
Ride on! (keep a-riding!)
(Keep a-riding!) Don't let me down, midnight ravers!
(Keep a-riding!)
Midnight ravers, don't let me down! (keep a-riding!)
Don't let me down - don't let me down! (keep a-riding!)
Well, I'm coming!
I got too much talking

