Album: CedartownGeorgia

// Cedartown, Georgia //

I got a gal in Cedartown Georgia
I used to have to walk nearly three miles to court her
She never had much, just a sharecropper's daughter
But I married her and took her down to New Orleans.
Bought a little house in the South French Quarter

Got a job hookin' bales, loadin' them on a steamboat
I give her seven days pay next day I'm broke
When she ain't a sleepin' all day she's a primpin'.
Every evenin' when the sun goes down
She starts a swarmin' on Orleans town

Walkin' into work this mornin' at daybreak
I caught her with the tall long dandy from canebreak.
She walked right by me and she looked right through me.
I made up my mind what I'm a gonna do
Eased in the pawnshop and bought a 22.

Watched as the roomclerk gave them a room key
Standin' outside I could read Room 23.
Tonight I'll put her on a train for Georgia
Gonna be a lotta kin folks squallin' and a grieving
'Cause that Cedartown gal ain't breathing...

// Big D //

Stranded here in Dallas cold and hungry
I ain't got a dime
Sleepin' in the filty trainyard
At the warmest driest place that I can find.

What have I done that would justify
the way you treatin' me Big D
Stranded here in Dallas cold and hungry
I don't know a soul.

I could feel a little warmer
But I find that there's no coat in my wardrobe
My clothes're paper thin still you
Let your chill of winter fall on me Big D.

[Instrumental]

Why I wanna go where the winds don't blow till summer
Somewhere the sun will warm this chill in me
Stranded here in Dallas cold and hungry
I don't even know my name.

Oh, my temperature keeps risin'
And I feel that it's done damage to my brain
Could this dirty trainyard be
The last and final restin' place for me, Big D, Big D...

// The House Song //

This House goes on sale every Wednesday morning
It's taken off the market in the afternoon
You can buy a part of it if you want to
It's been good for me; it'll be good for you

Take the grand look now; the fire is burning
Is that your reflection on the wall
I can show you this room and some others
If you care to see this house at all

Careful up the stairs a few are missing
I haven't had the time to make repairs
The first one is the hardest one to master
The last one I'm not really sure is there

This room once rang with childish laughter
I come back to hear it now and again
I don't know why you're here or what you're after
But in this room a part of you remains

Second floor ladies left in waiting
Pass the lantern tiptoe in its glass
In the room our soft brown arms cast shadows
This room is the hardest one to pass

// Tomorrow Night In Baltimore //

Her head rolls back and forth
Against the billows of her long black shiny hair
As she contemplates the ecstasy
Of another love she wishes was there.

If she could only realize
That the love I have could beckon her command
Instead of laughing endlessly
And pushin' back advances with her hands.

Every night I see her leave
A nightmare of illusions when she's gone
And it leaves a granite statue
In a man with a pain that lingers on.

The gaudy goodbye can't replace
The girlish giggle of her sweet hello
But tonight I've made my crumbled mind up
That I'll never, ever let her go.

Many nights I've watched her tease
By shifting all her weight from hip to hip
And with her hands brush back the falling strands
That cover up her satin lips.

She struts upon the stage and her fallen victims
Are calling out for more
But she leaves 'em stranded helplessly
And exits to her dressing room door.

Tonight I'm gonna take her
I've infiltrated past the guarded door
But she just hurries by me
Carrying all those scanty costumes that she wore.

And asks a sawed off cigar smoking cat
If he would open up the door
Then she told them to load the baggage
'Cause they open tomorrow night in Baltimore.

God if I have to crawl
I'm gonna be there tomorrow night in Baltimore...

// Pickin' White Gold //

Down in the place where I call home
I've been workin' my fingers to the bone
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold.

All day long in Louisiana sun
Pickin' and a pullin' white cotton by the tons
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold.

I fill my sack and I put it on my shoulder
And then I take one again
OId man cotton won't let me make a nickel
Till I get it to a cotton gin.

So I bent my back till I think it's gonna break
Try to keep a thinkin' how much I'm gonna make
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold.

[Instrumental]

There's a little girl I call Bellie all day
She works alongside of me
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold.

Her lips are soft as a cotton in a hand
And side by side we're makin' our plans
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold.

There's a little house with a little solid ground
That would make a mighty pretty home
All we need is little money down
And we could call it our home.

I can't rest till I get through
I need the money for what it can do
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold
Pickin' white gold, pickin' white gold...

// Bridge Over Troubled Water //

When you're weary, feeling small
When tears are in your eyes, I'll dry them all
I'm on your side, oh, when times get rough
And friends just can't be found
Like a bridge over troubled water, I will lay me down
Like a bridge over troubled waters, I will lay me down.

[Instrumental]

When you're down and out when you're on the street
When evening falls so hard I will comfort you
I'll take your part when darkness comes and pain is all around
Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down
Like a bridge over troubled waters I will lay me down.

[Instrumental]

Sail on silver girl sail on by your time has come to shine
All the dreams are on their way
See how they shine if you need a friend I'm sailing out behind
Like a bridge over troubled water I will lead your mind
Like a bridge over troubled water I will lead your mind...

// I'm Gonna Leave (While I Still Love You) //

You took the little gifts I gave as though
Afraid each one contained some sort of bribe
And so the joy you might have had from someone giving
'Cause they can has been denied

And now the frown of discontent upon your face
Grows deep and felt with time
And I'm gonna leave while I still love you

I know there's no way that I can
Make up to you for whatever wrong
Has caused you all the pain and sorrow
That your heart has lived on for so long

And the wall you've built between us
Higher now and harder now to climb
And I'm gonna leave while I still love you

I wish that I could be all the reasons
That you need to go on live'n'
I wish that I could give you what you want
So I can get what I'm not gett'n'

But happiness is not a gift
That I can bring you tied with pretty ribbons
And so before I'm left with only bitterness
And memories of bad times

Baby I'm gonna leave while I still love you
Baby I'm gonna leave while I still love you

// I've Got Eyes For You //

When I look at you I think many strange things
And it's hard to express all of my feelings
I belong to a girl you hang around with
But I must admit I've got eyes for you.

I had to call and tell you just how I felt
You should know by now that
When you're near my heart melts
I belong to a girl you hang around with
But I must admit I've got eyes for you.

Eyes for you, eyes for you
Yes I must admit I've got eyes for you.

In my sleep I call your name
No one to blame I can't explain
And every time I see you it's the same thing
And I try to escape from looking your way.
I belong to a girl you hang around with
But I must admit I've got eyes for you.

Must admit I've got eyes for you, mhm
I must admit I've got eyes for you...

// Let Me Stay Awhile //

Can I stay with you awhile right awhile behind your smile
You don't have to say the things you used to say
Just let me sleep here for a time in the want of your loving mind
And tomorrow I'll be on my way.

Just hold me in the want of your gentle smile
Just tonight hon with you then I'll be going on my way
Just hide me till I have I have the strenght to go
For now all I want to know is morning by your side.

Let me stay with you awhile right awhile behind your smile
You don't have to say the things you used to say
Just let me sleep here for a time in the want of your loving mind
Awhile till I find the strenght to go. mhmm...

