Album: Jewels

// New York City, RFD //

From Herte, Mississippi to Tupelo
Then I caught an eastbound freight
With sky high hopes opened out scopes
And hurt all over my face.

New York City is a bad place to be
When you're out of your head
Country style, running wild country style.

The new wears off and time wears off
And my roots are showin' through
But nobody cares about from where you came
But what they can get out of you.

And New York City is a bad place to be
When you're out of your head
Country style, running wild country style.

What would mom and daddy say
If they saw me this a way
Would they pray for me? yes they would
But nobody's heard about rainy day women
In that Herte, Mississippi neighborhood.

And New York City is a bad place to be
When you're out of your head
Country style, running wild country style.

New York City is a bad place to be
When you're out of your head
Country style, running wild country style...

// Today I Started Loving You Again //

Today I started loving you again
I'm right back where I've really always been
I got over you just long enough to let my heartaches mend
And today I started loving you again.

What a fool I was to think I could get by
With only these few million tears I cried
I should have known the worst was yet to come
And that crying time for me had just begun.

Oh, today I started loving you again
I'm right back where I've really always been
I got over you just long enough to let my heartaches mend
And today I started loving you again.

I got over you just long enough to let my heartaches mend
And today I started loving you again...

// If You Were Mine To Lose //

If you were mine to lose I'd gladly let you go
'Cause that would mean you once belonged to me
I'd gladly take the heartache of losing you some day
'Cause then at least I'd have the memory.

Through all the years I've known you you've never noticed me
Just a friend that's all I've been to you
I'd gladly let you break my heart for just one memory
Just to know that you were mine to lose.

If I could only hold you just one time
for one short moment heaven would be mine
If you were mine to lose I'd gladly let you go
Just to know that you were mine to lose.

I could only hold you just one time
for one short moment heaven would be mine
If you were mine to lose I'd gladly let you go
Just to know that you were mine to lose...

// See You Around (On Your Way Down) //

He offers you so many things that I can't give
I know your young heart just can't turn him down
And like you say you're free and it's your life to live
See you around on your way down.

You're much too young to know
The value of a love that's true
I don't think he'll ever learn to love you
Or think half as much of you as I do.

You can't see me your head is too high in the clouds
But I'll be waiting on my side of town
In case you need me and you will I have no doubt
See you around on your way down.

[Instrumental]

Like you say you're free and it's your life to live
See you around on your way down.

I'll see you around girl on your way down...

// Six Strings Away //

In days gone by but not forgotten
I plowed in the fields and I pulled in the cotton
Things you'd never think I've done when you see me now
I pick and sing and they think I'm a star
But every time I look down at my old guitar
I know I'm just six strings away from that same ol' plow.

I drive a new Royce Rolls
Buy them tailor made clothes
How long will good times stay
A poor boy ways
And hard time days
Just six strings away.

[Instrumental]

I met a girl 'bout a year ago
In a little country town where I played a show
And though I love her I still wonder just what she'd do
If I laid that old guitar down
How long would she hang around?
Or is she just six strings away from someone new.

Well, them six little strings
Buy rings and good things
But how long would she stay
If she knew poor boy ways
And and hard time days
Just six strings away...

// Yours Love //

May the fruit of my toil, be yours love
May the fruit from my soil, be yours love
And from this moment on
May a love true and strong
And lives on and on, be yours love.

May the sons that I raise, be yours love
May the comforts I praise, be yours love
If I ever get weak may the love words I speak
And the arms that I seek, be yours love

May the Lord's shining grace, be yours love
May the happiest face, be yours love
May the last fingertips that touch
These two lips as life from me slips, be yours love...

// How Much Rain Can One Man Stand //

Like a raging flood that ruins a poor man's land
You keep doing things to hurt me all you can
But the thickness that we knew is growing thin
How much rain can one man stand?

How much rain can one man stand
I gave you everything but my right hand
If you won't let me love you then don't let me be your friend
How much rain can one man stand?

I can see them big ol' storm clouds movin' in
There's a stranger in your big brown eyes again
And you've told him that I'm just an old time friend
How much rain can one man stand?

How much rain can one man stand
I gave you everything but my right hand
If you won't let me love you then don't let me be your friend
How much rain can one man stand?

How much rain can one man stand?...

// I'm Doing This For You //

I'm coming back to you one more time
To give you one more chance to clear your mind
I know how much you don't want to be free
So I'm doing this for you, not for me.

All you have to do is apologize
I'll be there soon as I dry my eyes
I know how much you don't want to be free
So I'm doing this for you, not for me.

[Instrumental]

All you have to do is apologize
I'll be there soon as I dry my eyes
I know how much you don't want to be free
So I'm doing this for you, not for me.

I'm doing this for you, not for me...

// You Love The Ground I Walk On //

I work so hard to win myself a place in life
And leave behind the slums and poverty
Now I have wealth, a fancy home, a pretty wife
She loves the ground I walk on but she don't love me.

You like the places that I take you, don't you girl
At last you were where you've always longed to be
You're very much at home here in this kind of world
You love the ground I walk on but you don't love me.

And I know just what would happen
If there came a dawn
That I was broken down and out
I'd reach and you'd be gone.

Don't worry girl that kind of dawn will never come
You'll always have the things you want from me
But it's so sad to know that when we're all alone
You love the ground I walk on but she don't love me.

You love the ground I walk on but she don't love me...

// My Ramona //

Everybody's talking bad about Ramona
They say she's changed a lot since I've been gone
They say she may not be too glad to see me
Cause Ramona doesn't know I'm coming home.

But everybody's wrong about Ramona
They're just going by the way she's actin' now
I just can't believe the things they say about her
'Cause Ramona knows the things I wanna allow.

Ramona's gonna be the way she used to be
And I'll be proud of her just like I was before
She never was the kind to like those crowded bars
And Ramona won't be seen there anymore.

They say I may not recognize Ramona
And going by the picture they describe
The life they say she's living sure don't fit her
But I know she's still the same sweet girl inside.

Ramona's gonna be the way she used to be
And I'll be proud of her just like I was before
She never was the kind to like those crowded bars
And Ramona won't be seen there anymore...

