Album: TheArgument

// Cashout //

On the morning of the first eviction
they carried out the wishes of the landlord and his son
furniture's out on the sidewalk next to the family that little piggie went to market,
so they're kicking out everyone
talking about process and desmissal forced removal of the people
on the corner shelter and location
everybody wants somewhere
the elected are such willing partners
look who's buying all their tickets to the game
development wants, development gets
it's official
development wants this neighborhood
gone so the city just wants the same talking about process and dismissal
forced removal of the people on the corner shelter and location
everybody wants somewhere everybody watns somewhere

// Full Disclosure //

I want out
I want a mutually assured destructive
life seizing separate culture to take me over
moving silent like radar
take me over and blow out my mind
full disclosure coming sponsored by no one
take me over and blow out my mind ejected

// Epic Problem //

Congratulations. stop. wish I could be there. stop.
Tell me something I don't know.
Is there anything left to know? stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
Accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory
We regret to inform. stop. miss you dearly signed sincerely. stop.
Tell me something that I don't know is there anything left to know?
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
Accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory accessory
To the time. time. time. time.
I've got this epic problem this epic problem's not a problem for me
And inside I know I'm broken but I'm working as far as you can see
I've got this epic problem this epic problem's not a problem for me
And inside I know I'm broken but I'm working as far as you can see and
Outside it's all production it's all illusion set scenery I've got this
Epic problem this epic problem's not a problem for me

// Life And Limb //

When the bit pulls tight the grip is sewn into the reins.

Can't breathe it out, you'll just breathe it back again

You mental-pack your chambers full for no reason you can name, 

A boil-in-bag blood supply you know it's murder on the veins.


Oh don't you feel it now? 

Viva viva viva, life and limb. 

Viva viva viva threatening.

Viva viva viva, life and limb. 

Viva viva viva threatening.


Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really in a loving way)

Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really want it right away)

The national temper you know it's written on your face. 

Etched and scratched and mirrored back. 

Don't you know it's all the rage? 

Don't you feel it now?


Viva viva viva, life and limb.

Viva viva viva, threatening.


Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really in a loving way)

Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really want it right away)

Right away.


Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really in a loving way)

Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really want it right away)

Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really in a loving way)

Hey - we want our violence doubled (No but really want it right away)

// The Kill //

Born into race and nation accept family and obligation
I'm not a citizen I'm not a citizen
Embrace tradition and occupation
Cull memory for assimilation secure for future generations
Secure for future generations
I'm not a citizen I'm not a citizen laying in this cold field
Waiting for the call feeling right here in this uniform I think I got
Them all academic or street education obtain degree in annihilation I'm not
A citizen I'm not a citizen laying down in chambers waiting for the call
Seen your kind so many times you got no chance at all laid out immobile
Hoping for that call it's in my mouth, under my skin sodium pentathol

// Strangelight //

The sun's a strange light nothing grows right anymore
Scars on every stalk
Whose mouth should I use to talk?
The force that marks the routine
Temperature whatever degrees create the bad thing
And lay our heads in it now
It's hard to punch the clock on the site where production stopped
I'm just a warehouse filled with junk
Some somethings for some someones tacking
Time with tracking eye tectonic shifts one nerve at a time
I lay my head in it a hundred plans to fortify beige concrete foes on for miles
Hiding cities under it fill my mouth with with non-mouth spit there was a light at
The window there was light under the door but it's not there anymore
(come on over get your shoes on put your feet on baby come on over)

// Oh //

Number one in acquisitions now there is no foreign soil go global
Like a round thing go global like a hole to every
Money matchmaker splicing green as fast as you can
Let's break it down and
Start again memo to the partners I'm changing all the locks
I'm pissing on your modems
I'm shredding all the stock chose a colour for your ceiling
I'm waiting for the bottom to drop in a room so brightly lit I can't see in
You would never say you were out of time coming with the fiction all the
Time but there's a call coming on the other line your secret's out lapse of
Luxury lapping waste cruising towards a bruising crash thread held
Anvil's going to break when the letter returns to the sender I can hardly wait
God this room's so brightly lit I can't see shit thank you sir may I have
Another? I will be your eager driver your service provider your
Maitre'd thank you sir may I have another please?

// Ex-Spectator //

Looking out for cars and mortality trying to find some sort of geometry
Avoiding mistakes keep an eye on every step I take
Everything is building and it appears that you're all architects and engineers
That's how it looks that's how it looks from here
I'm an ex-spectator can't you see
I'm an ex-spectator never let me, never let my, never let my vision get in the way of
Here's some questions that the writer sent
Can an observer be a participant?
Have I seen too much?
Does it count if it doesn't touch?
If the view is all I can ascertain pure understanding is out of range
If I make that call why can't I make that change?
I'm an ex-spectator can't you see?
I'm an ex-spectator never let my never let my vision get in the way of me

// Nightshop //

Fuck your fucked directives god I want a new invective
Custom built to form fit you say it to your face
If I get to choose I'll take something real
The fight to feel while your next meal is
Calling loosely trademarked as the best fucking thing you've ever had
Inside your mouth all comet cleaned and scrubbed down landscaping
For a ghost town while that deficient platform for your head
Causing you to mistake yourself for dead and all that you would issue
Is capital's incontinence causing you embarrassment?
The wet spot on the carpet that you leave as the reminder
That you need of all that it did to you adjusting your reception a welcome
Self correction make it quick make it soon make it something I can do all by
Myself cos there's a brain inside it there's a brain deciding there's a
Brain inside the brain there's a brain inside the brain deciding there's a
Brain inside the brain there's a brain inside the brain deciding time to make
Or break find me somewhere else time to make or break how about it?
I've got no patience no way stationed hanging at the nightshop eating shit who
Works for who?
Every asshole says side saluting emptiness instead but if I get to choose
I'll take something real who works for who who you working for?
Who works for who who you working for?

// Argument //

When they start falling executions will commence
Sides will not matter now matter makes no sense
How did a difference become a disease?
I'm sure you have reasons a rational defense
Weapons and motives bloody fingerprints
But I can't help thinking it's still all disease
Here comes the argument
Folderol it's all about strikes now
So here's what's striking me
That some punk could argue some moral abc's
When people are catching what bombers release
I'm on a mission to never agree here comes the argument
Here comes the argument here comes the argument here it

