Album: EP

// COVERED IN MONEY! //

Got eighteen minutes
Woah, yeah
Sorry babe, sorry
Yeah, one-two, one-two, one
Sorry babe, woah
Woah, yeah
Sorry babe, sorry
Yeah, sorry babe
Oh, my nigga
In a-in a little tent
Say

I'm covered in money
I'm out for the bag, ooh
I flew out the country (Damn)
Borderline dressin' in drag (Uh)
I brought you a hearse
Hope you fit in the back (Uh)
I'm pokin' it out
Nicki Minaj, the meek gettin' dragged
Bitch, I'm upset, I-
Uh, bitch, I'm upset, I ain't mad

Cutest niggas in my class
Shoutout Zel, Kwes and Thai, those my peers (Shit)
Spittin' slurred, I can't handle my beer
Beat my dick when I look in the mirror (Facts)
When I bust, it cancel my fears
Too much guap (Too much guap)
Too much heat, you can't call for no cops
Too much filmin', you seem like a opp
Fuck the underground, I'm goin' pop
Only Mandy Moore played in this drop
More hits than the four tops
Hairline like a four tops (Stretch)
Rappin' like I signed to Koch
Eatin' ass head to toe in this gold
Can't nobody touch me, I feel like Fort Knox
I'm outta my class, digital dash
Modern-day cannibal, ox

Say
Woo, ooh
Whatever, whatever
Say

I'm covered in money
I'm out for the bag, ooh
I flew out the country (Damn)
Borderline dressin' in drag
I brought you a hearse
Hope you fit in the back (Uh)
I'm pokin' it out
Nicki Minaj, the meek get dragged
Bitch, I'm upset, I- (Bruh)
Uh, bitch, I'm upset, I ain't mad

Say, say
Shit, yeah
Yeah, bitch, I'm upset, I ain't mad (Facts)
Woah, shit
Too much guap-

It's dirty
It's dirty, hah
It's dirty, yeah
Backlog on my personality
'Cause you thinkin' that you know me personally
You rehearse me, and it's surfacing
These ain't bars, I'm describin' a murder scene
This a big ting, money gettin' fucked up like he Ving Rhames
'Cause he don't know my name like the ting, tings
Chuck Berry, big strap, that's my ding-a-ling
Really come from the heart when I sing tings
Finna get this bitch shaking like jingling
R.I.P. Bernie Mac, legend in the game
R.I.P. Bernie Mac
When I die, hope my music gives cowards pain
Pray Allah, Christ, and Buddha, you'll never be shamed
My little kids gonna inherit this fame
E+, my celebrity name, I'ma tell you now
If I go plat' best believe, little bitch that Peggy gon' change
Y'all better pray I stay in my lane
Never switch my ideals for position or fame
If you do dirt, keep it quiet like Pootie Tang
Lose it all for the nut, like Louis C.K
Gag order on him, we ain't tryna be civil
Hoe, I'm aimin' for your head like Martin Luther King
Shoot at your tour bus, we gon' increase your streams
Big strap like Portia de Rossi, I know

Oh, yeah
Damn, niggas just shitted on me
Sorry baby, sorry
Sorry, sorry
Sorry babe, sorry
Sorry babe, sorry
Sorry, sorry

// BODYGUARD! //

Called me on the phone
Step it up
Yo

Who gon' hold me down?
Who gon' work my body?
Who gon' touch me up?
Who gon' fuck me in?
Who gon' stick around?
Who is worth it? Yeah, yeah
Two things that I learned is I'm worth all the prize
Sugar and spice, everything nice
Who's gonna turn me? Bitches gotta earn me
I'm too hard, oh, oh, huh

She can't be, can't be
I don't want no war
I don't want it with nobody but you
No protection with nobody but you, you, you
I don't want, bodyguard (I don't want no)

Why you wanna? Why?
Why you wanna hurt me babe? (Why?)
How you see through my act? (Why?)
Please hit me back (Why?)
Girl, don't do me like that, you know I want it
I know you want the credit cards, the fancy cars
I know you want the world (Why?)
I told your momma I'm comin', I got no refunds
I told your baby it's rented tonight
Who's gonna turn me, bitches gotta earn me
I'ts too hard, oh, oh, uh, ha

She can't be, can't be
I don't want no war
I don't want it with nobody but you
No protection with nobody but you, you, you
Bodyguard

// THE BENDS! (OG MIX) //

"But the support we're getting from the African-American community has been overwhelming, and I wanna thank each and every one of you..."
Shit...

Maybe I'm stuck in my ways
Fantasies, fantasies, fantasies
I should rap like Sly Tendencies
Obviously, I'm who I meant to be (Facts)
My leader treat me like an enemy, he a casualty
Wonder if he cry when he see fans of me
Can't believe we thought he'd be the man for me
It's sad, for real, melody
When we fuckin' you better pretend to be
Gotta keep that on-brand positioning
No surprises, you know its the bends with me
Now halt, niggas dyin', you know it's y'all fault
People pray for the press to impeach
Deeper down, know that vote is a loss
It's sad (Yeah)

Yeah, ooh-oh, ooh-oh
Ooh, oh, no no, yeah
Ayy, I don't got nothin' to say to remember this shit
Uh

MAGA raps, caught a body in a MAGA hat (Yeah)
Who try get rid of me? Let my bottom bitches handle that
Nah, baby, I don't wanna go, ah
Made men make it look close, fuck the polls
Change the language when they decipher the code
Flip the script, now the caption is closed
Vice City, used to print all my codes
Strap on my hip 'cause I'm bitter and old
Mountain Dew sippers, they hatin' the scroll (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bunker bitch decoratin' his home, uh
Black man got it sowed
Get the money, y'all can keep all the hope
Rich, all my enemies is broke
Big bank and we rakin' in more, yee
Off a probation, them cases is closed, woo
I'ma tell we like Trump told you
Fuck it, nigga, what we got to lose?
Ain't gon' be no peace with the crew
'Cause it's one piece we gon' aim at you

Baby, baby don't leave
Baby don't leave
We're ready to leave
Blacks for Trump
Blacks for Trump
I can't believe
Blacks for Trump
Blacks for Trump
Blacks for Trump
Blacks for Trump

// ROUGH 7 //

[Tommy Genesis:]
Check, check, check
Check, check
Check, will you turn the beat up?
Brr
Oh, mmm, check, check, could you turn my vocals up?
Yeah, mmm, mmm
Brr
How could you not know?
What you meant to me
You and me are gonna be a bit
Know you laughin' away with friends
I'll be up in a minute
Brr, brr, brr (Thank you, thank you)
Thank you, fuck you (Brr)
Fuck you (Brr), fuck you
Fuck you, fuck you
Fuck you, thank you (Brrat, brrat, brr)

I think I'm insane, do you love me?
I think I just came, do you trust me?
When I stare hard, you get ugly
I just look away at the money
I don't come from money but they say I look expensive
He lay me on the table with a bag 'cause I'm his pension
If you with me, won't go hungry (Uh-uh)
If you ain't me, call me mommy
Fuckin' with the ghost in my body
Pray to the pussy like, "Haunt me"
Stretch marks on my skull, I wasn't made for me at all
Cut me open with your jaw, lick the writing on the wall
I got a fat mouth, no collagen
I got a fat cat (Brrt) and my throat infinite (Brrt)
(Hey) He want a picture with Tommy
Save that shit like JPEG
She wanna know who's Mommy?
Blood pact, wolf pack, hashtag
She put a gun to my halo
I talk to God and he calls me emo
He put a tongue to my halo
I talk to God and she calls me emo

[Tommy Genesis (JPEGMAFIA):]
You know, you know (Woah-ho-ho-ho, ha, ha)
Get up, get up
Stay up, get up, get back, we know
Got it, then I say no, say no
(You think you know me)
Look (Yeah)

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Some of my friends got big dreams (Yeah)
Some of my friends tote big beams (Beams)
None of your friends get no cream (Brr)
These niggas look blank, got no theme (Brr)
Just got a new MAC, that's fifteen (Yeah)
Young bald head nigga, I'm Mr. Clean
Caught a nigga off guard like Pistol Pete (Wow)
Line a square nigga up like Billie Jean (Damn, Peggy)
Just got a new grill, but I can't eat (Huh)
But I gotta feed my motherfuckin' family
Gotta make it to the top and get a GRAMMY (Gotta get it)
But I be playin' with the drums like a band geek (Nasty)
Bitch nigga, don't make me aggy
Dome shot, now you look like Cassie (Brrt)
Skinny nigga, but I'm built like a athlete (Wow)
AR same colors as khakis
You my sons but I don't be the pappy
Stop wastin' my time (Uh)
These niggas done ran outta line (Yeah)
I'm strapped but I'm ready to die (Okay)
I feel like a thot when I cry (Huh)
I feel like a God when I rhyme (Huh)
I can't believe that he ain't signed (God)
Why?

No, the other
And if it doesn't fit me I'll give it back to you

// living single //

(You think you know me)
You'll always be a part of me
I'm part of you indefinitely
Oh no you're never gonna shake me
Ooh, darling, 'cause you'll always be my baby
And we'll linger on
Time can't erase a feelin' this strong
Ooh, boy, you're never gonna shake me
Ooh, darlin', 'cause you'll always be my
Ooh, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah
(Feel bad for this shit)

.44 on me like Hacksaw Jim Duggan
Dressed like a housewife, I'm a bad husband
Keep the fears tucked in (Ah)
Champagne for the pain and sufferin'
Fans same color as voice of Tim Duncan (Wassup)
All these niggas screamin', "Gang," scared to get jumpin'
Nigga them pistols on yo 'Gram s'posed to be tucked in
Chill, watch and observe, Peggy don't say nothin' (Yeah)
Let 'em stay frontin'

Swish, only floaters, wiser, older (Bah)
Sendin' signals to the weirdos, I'm a young smolder
Keep it calm 'cause the skully fit right over my shoulder
I love her, but I can't even hold her (Word)
Tell my baby, "Lie to me," I'm her ayatollah
I'm a hoe, put my whole head in the chocha (Facts)
Little bank that the big bank never noticed
Check my BMI, lil' bitch, I am the sole owner (Uh-huh)
I need royalties, not loyalties, to fill my quota (Gimme that)
They avoiding me, I'm poised to be a rap shogun
Tweet about me all day, you can't be focused
Baby, focus on yourself, 'cause I don't know you
Dark skinned and givin' out work, I feel like Kelly Rowland
I don't need no therapy, beats give me consolin'
I'm gaggin', they still think they know me

It's nasty

// SUPER TUESDAY! //

How you rappin' all your life and you ain't profit? (Hm)
How you tryna be punk and you ain't moshin'? (Pssh)
How you tryna book a tour but you ain't poppin'? (For real)
Nigga think he Steph Curry, boy, you Ilgauskas
Pop filter, bump stockin'
One shot turn Steve Bannon into Steve Hawking
R. Kelly, jiggalo, I'm dough pilin'
But I don't fuck with little kids, bitch, I ain't Woody Allen
How you let a nigga run you out your own city? (Word)
How you never catch a win, but you catchin' feelings? (Yeah)
I ain't tryna have debates, I just bake bitches
Put a price on your head, send my niggas fishin'
Boy, you really Craig Mack but you think you Diddy
Put this fuck nigga in a bag, he the new Missy
How you let a [*beep*] nigga call you nigga? (Psh, hahaha)

Uh
More money, less fame, push my tracks deep
These niggas ain't reviewin' your music, they reviewin' you
Keep it to yourself, get your money, baby, keep doin' you
Step out of line and show these Plaxicos what the Ruger do
Now who is you? Double barrel, twin magic
Hit the W, go through the roof
Base swell up and go through the coupe
Pacin' at this nigga house like Peggy finna hula hoop, uh
Lines around the block feel like Super Tuesday
Bad leather Biden, baby, we need new things
Makin' love to your girl, pullin' tracks out the strings
Pat the weave, I gotta water the soil 'fore I plant the seed
Lots of information in these bars and schemes
These niggas basic, all they know is jokes and memes
Now let's face it, you hate me because you ain't me
You think because I mention forums we the same type of dweeb?
Fifth up in your face when I catch you off-key
This is how it taste when you talkin', don't read
Nipples on my suit, I'm lookin' for Mr. Freeze, cut the green
I don't got fans, I got fiends, what you mean?
Show up to the studio, I'm dressed like Harley Queen
I don't want no picture, give a fuck about your 'zine
Snitches gettin' Christian, hope you rat up on your team
Tell me all your secrets, pour out one Lil B
Tony Braxton pistol had 'em talkin' in his sleep
These niggas don't rap, they incriminate on beat
All I do is spit facts, get money, make heat
Spit up in her ass, let her know that I'm a freak, don't speak

