Album: LP

// BALD! //

Yeah
Fuck that, whoa, uh

Fuck that bitch, I changed the plan
Switch my style like I switch hands
Block the witness, take the stand
Fuck out the way bitch, back it up
Shit better get played in a palace (Word)
I can't treat niggas like big deals
Why put up a front? I'm callous
Bald (Ha)
I look like Ray Allen (Real)
These niggas make beats on big wheels
Yo' files is not a challenge (Nah)
Boy, you can't rap for shit
Shuttlesworth blessed me with talent
Hairline proof God needs balance
Bald (Dwayne Wade)

Uh, look, I'm cashin' out
Young Darby I'm taggin' in
They gon' bring your casket out
I hope that you fit in it (Ooh)
What you doin', babe?
How you get caught with no Gat? (Yeah, yeah)
You niggas must got no pride
Peggy gon' give you no slack, for real
'Cause you pussy

Whoa, whoa, whoa
Keep my business off the 'Gram
Switch my style like I switch hands
Goin' to war on foreign land
Fuck out the way bitch, back it up
Shit better get played in a palace
Wait, uh
I can't treat niggas like big deals (Yeah)
These toys don't come with no kid's meal
Been there, done that, done seen it
Not my girl but I fuck her like she is
They be fuckin' up my lyrics on Genius
And these pussy ass critics repeat it
Been the same since Even Stevens
Y'all niggas switch like the seasons (Facts)
Y'all lives ain't got no meanin' (Why)
And them deals ain't got no freedom
I can't just loop it leave and it
Gotta smack it up, rip it up, and eat it (Yeah, ha)
You can't feed your kid 'cause
You spent that shit on your car (You broke)
Tape my hands, I'm going over squares' heads like a VCR (Ha)
Bald

// BALD! REMIX //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Yeah
Fuck that, whoa, uh

Fuck that bitch, I changed the plan
Switch my style like I switch hands
Block the witness, take the stand
Fuck out the way bitch, back it up
Shit better get played in a palace (Word)
I can't treat niggas like big deals
Why put up a front? I'm callous
Bald (Ha)
I look like Ray Allen (Real)
These niggas make beats on big wheels
Yo' files is not a challenge (Nah)
Boy, you can't rap for shit
Shuttlesworth blessed me with talent
Hairline proof God needs balance
Bald

[Denzel Curry:]
Yeah
My life was written already so I was gifted already
And with this God-given talent I knew the Devil been met me
Can't compare me to Jesus because he ain't Noah's father
He told me, "Please, be still and see that steel is revolver" (You right)
'Cause in my hood, these niggas poppin' mollies and shootin'
I'm stressed the fuck out, that's why I must commence to get zooted
I'm trapped in my head, between the thoughts of health and my wealth
Right next to bein' selfish and just bein' myself
The fast spitter, slash, clash, ghetto pass, sinner sippin' bad liquor
It's the nigga you may know, I'm the GOAT
To them clout chasers and them 'bout whatevers and them wave riders
Told them that my life is not a boat, you can't float (You right)
Call me Zeltron when I'm rappin', call me Denzel when we fuck, ho
You're allowed to touch me but I don't wanna keep in touch, though (Wow)
Say I'm livin' comfortable because I'm makin' much dough
But I wasn't happy, cut my hair and let the sluts go
Ever so softly, suicide has cost me
Did I lose my mind? I feel my head been lost me
Been a couple years and haven't spoken to Lofty
Haven't seen the family, only been with the posse (Skrr)
Couple gold plaques, scratch that off a gold list
Cold shit is gettin' diamond plaques by stayin' focused (Yuh)
No whip, I won't let 'em do me like Jahseh (Yuh)
My mama say that I should pray 'cause demon comes in different shapes (Okay)
Got that Stray Rats on my body 'cause Maurice don't fuck with BAPE (What?)
All these bars that I be writin' make it hard for you to relate (Damn)
Hesitate, I rarely do when fuckin' these hoes I barely knew
Overturnin', startin' new, can't act like a jit by thirty-two
I'm twenty-five, though, dreadlocks had your boy like Sideshow Bob
Can't complain about too much because I'm on my job
Switch my look, I got 'em hooked, they call me Young Heartthrob
I am (Bald!)

// CUTIE PIE! //

Keep filmin' no matter what
Let's go
Yeah, yeah

Whole time I got the vice grip (Yeah)
Triggers bustin', niggas duckin', I got the right clip
Good manners or the damage, a nigga might tip
I drive the boat for the passengers
This a Kodak moment, a nigga might drift
I work smarter not harder, this is a life tip
Can't get your show on the road, niggas need a pilot (Uh)
You niggas trash still slavin' away on Sylenth
Matter of fact you slaves no matter who niggas sign with (Uh)
Lemme look at your deal, 21 Savage
To these Milli Vanillie ass niggas
Don't even own what they rhymin' (Facts)

I can't take this livin' all alone, I'm Phyllis Hyman
Billie Eilish got four GRAMMYs, it's frightenin'
Slick old nigga, I'm Peabo Bryson
Flows be so-so, you off key
Rappin' like it's '04, wrote this in Red Monkeys

Uh
Steady hand Peggy, my production is a diamond
Precision, execution, and timin', slick rhymin'
Pick up the pattern, tackle melodies like a lineman (Huh)
Rappin' offsides, throw the flag when you fine him
Up in your turf with a bomb and a plan
Flowin' in enemy territory, I feel like Walt White
Teach you niggas how to get busy on USB mics
Rappin' like Schoolly D and dressing like Magnum P.I
She need a tip drill, Peggy been uncut since E.I
All these amatuers, they can't keep up with my stamina (Nope)
Ebony, wrong category
You ain't built for what you backin' up
Make yo bitch back it up
All these weirds beats, you commentin' while I'm stackin' up
Gots to find new wave, these niggas stay attackin' us
Feel like a Titan when I'm strappin' up, my flow a bachelor
Get to fuckin' on the back of her and get attached to her
Pistol pokin', I look after her, your beats inaccurate
Muddy low end and you over-compressin'
'Cause you don't know what you doin', so you be stackin' it
Don't know the difference between threshold and attackin' it
You impassionate, ungrateful
Mince meat, don't mince words, bitch I hate you
Thinkin' about what I'ma do and how I'ma do it when I face you

Oh, man

// TRUST! //

You think you know me
I won't even fib
Uh

These hoes is conniving (Woah), I won't even try to (Woah)
I won't even lie, I'm looking good
I won't even fib, I'm feeling nice
I'm looking good today, I bought a new suit
I'm 'bout to go to work (Okay) and praise God (What else?)
I feel like celebrating, I ain't been fucked up
Yeah, I've been fucked over, still going hard (Still going hard)
I feel like celebrating, okay, I'm fucked up
Yeah, I've been fucked over, still feeling nice (Still get it in)

Everything's great (Everything's great)
Everything's cool (Everything's cool)
Everything's perfect (Everything's perfect)
Everything's good (Everything's good)
Everything's kosher (Everything's kosher)

I can't believe that shit (Cannot), I don't believe that bitch (No way)
I don't believe these niggas, bruh, they be lyin'

These hoes is conniving, I won't even try to (Uh-huh)
I won't even lie (Uh-huh), I'm looking good
I won't even fib, I'm feeling nice (Facts)
These hoes is conniving (Woah), I won't even try to (Woah)
I won't even lie (Ayy), I'm looking good
I won't even fib, I'm feeling nice, uh

Uh
These hoes is conniving (Woah), I won't even try to (Woah)
Even if I did, I won't put it in no rhyme (Uh-huh)
I ain't chasing plaques (Nah), I ain't even running (Nope)
Baby, I'm a soldier; I get medals when I'm gunnin' (Boom, boom, boom)
They lookin' like, "Peggy, let's see some receipts"
Everything I say I do gon' get the
I don't talk trash (Nah), I don't say nothin' (Nah)
I just speak facts (Facts), niggas be bluffin' (Yup)
I won't even lie, I'm looking good
I won't even fib, I'm feeling nice
Trust

// DIRTY! //

Come in the backroom
Backing up like I don't give a fuck
Gotta move the bricks
Bands so I could get the truck
What up with it, buddy?
Side

Dirty
Money, I'ma make you look dirty
Poke it out
Funny how the world caught up with me (Yeah)
Heard them pigs in the New York don't fuck with me
Sheeple
Keep it transparent
Y'all see through
Help me out
Momma used to bump Luther no Beatles
Mcnabb tired of getting soup from the Eagles
Karma
In the L-A with the blicky playing Contra
Nasty

You can cut fist like Arthur
Love screwing with the cops
I'm Lana
Two cigs
Big Pun and Fat Joe they twins
Pull it out get them mumbling like Sims
And I don't need twenty niggas to defense

Dirt!
Get low!
Huh, get low
Uh, uh
Fuck
Better have ten, nah, nah, nigga, we-

Dog, look at these niggas
Round my tea pot
They spit so much filler
Wannabes used to wanna be with us
Same wannabes wanna be killers

Weak ass rhymes, weak ass lines
Same old synths, them weak ass slides
Fresh carpool this lane all mine
Already lapped can't get nobody by
Who you gon' call when the trends all die?
Niggas follow I been walking my path the whole time

Shit hurts worse when you deep in the grind
Out on bail like Pac in the prime
Styles so slutty, even you gotta try it (What up?)
My shit jam big drum on the 9 (What up?)
When you spit subs, give me your own time
You can't get it back, niggas know I ain't lying

Huh
Huh

// NEMO! //

You think you know me
Hm
Hm

Downtown shawty, poke your ass out
Only settin' niggas up, I don't back down
Black and rollin' 'round with that K out
Every time I look down, I'm clean
Yeah, got it all lean
Big Gat', bail bonds and wrist slap
I seen niggas try to dodge all this new tech

Buh, huh, buh, buh, buh
Fuckin' your bitch like I'm back from the war (Ayy)
Fuckin' your bitch, I'm goin' on tour
Fuckin' the head of my best
I won't go in the ocean like Nemo, send shots at the floor
We can't relate, bitch, I was poor
Empty the safe, money on floor

All of my songs are diss (Facts)
I might just ghostwrite a hit
They know that's money well-spent, yeah, yeah (You fixed your pussy?)
Hol' up, fuck, nigga did homework, what?
You gon' keep pushing' your luck
If I aim for your head, better hope that you duck

Buh, frr, buh, buh, buh
Fuckin' that bitch like I'm back from the war (Yeah)
Fuckin' your bitch like I'm back from the tour (Uh)
Fuck on me, baby, you know I'm a whore
I pistol whip 'em so he know that it's war
I ain't even have to show up in court
Droppin' the case, got a drop in the jar, shit

Buh, frr, buh, buh, buh
Fuckin' that bitch like I'm goin' to war (Yeah)
Fuckin' that bitch like I'm back from the tour (Uh)
Fuck on me, baby, you know that he borin'
I feel like they out here to win, I'm just scorin', huh
I can afford it (Yeah)
In the ocean like Dory, these sharks get 'em sorted, nasty

// END CREDITS! //

You pull up to a red light
A man jerks your door open, says
"Out of the car, I'm taking your car"
You say, "Okay, take it, just don't hurt me"
You know what I do?
I pull out the Glock, put it on his forehead
And spill his brains all over the concrete
You think you know me

Bitch I write scene on your life
And I only rap out of spite
Loss is the theme my life
After all the steam and the hype
Dawg

This is my careers not a dice
Never take L's to a light
Bitch I am impervious to type
So young bucking at advice
Néw gloc leave it up to Christ

Fit for a joker need a Harley
Don Callis never been a carny
And you know we showing out for Darby
Me and Tina bucking back at ike
You a diva make we gon drop the mic
New gloc leave it up to Christ

Push
Why would I show my hand
I put on a show on Demand
I was in the show who a fan?
These boys never made profit
You ain't doing shit
Nigga stop it I see who y'all biggin but
It's gas
Grown men co sign trash
Log off go find bags
Two Glocs tuck it in the bag
New Switches they Gon attached
And they said we never gonna last
Death loop you ain't coming byke
Them tweets cost you a life
You ain't had a hand in the hype
Nah

Bitch I write scene on your life
And I only rap out of spite
Loss is the theme my life
After all the steam and the hype
Dawg

I'm Arn Anderson

// WHAT KIND OF RAPPIN' IS THIS? //

Risk, risk, risk
Risk, risk, risk (Ah)
Risk, risk (Yah)
Ice, ice, ice, bitch (Your voice so clear)
Look at this shit

What kind of rappin' is this? (Tell me) (Your gentle ways)
(So clear, your voice so clear)
Now I'm lookin' at this one
Now I'm lookin' at that one
Now I'm lookin' all over the world, yeah (Your gentle ways)
Lil' bitch I been rapping like this
Niggas thinkin' I strip (Your presence near)
(So clear)

Uh, are you feelin' me now?
Big dog, make 'em follow the script
Like LL when I'm back in the house (Yeah)
Lil' bitch, I been rappin' like this (Uh)
Marion Barry, I'm takin' a hit
He carried a cross, I carry the clip
Like, what kind of rappin' is this?
I pray to him for a sound
Like, please don't deliver me now
Weak man always got so much issue with me
It just happens, it's bound, uh
Lil' bitch, I been rappin' like this
Covered in money, they thinkin' I strip
My pop was a ghost and my partner's ain't shit (No)
I rap like I'm one bar from slittin' my wrist
You one bar away from me splittin' your wig
Say a few words and jump back in the pit

What kind of rappin' is this? (Tell me) (Your gentle ways)
(So clear, your voice so clear)
Now I'm lookin' at this one
Now I'm lookin' at that one
Now I'm lookin' all over the world, yeah (Your gentle ways)
Lil' bitch I been rapping like this
Niggas thinkin' I strip (Your voice so clear)
(Your gentle ways)

// THOT'S PRAYER! //

Thank you, Jesus
Oh, thank you, Je- Thank you, Jesus

Makes me feel real good inside, you know, all that green baby
I like to- I like to hold that green, I hold it up
Play with it a little bit, you know, count it once in a while
This, this, oh
Insecure

My loneliness is killing me inside
I must confess (I must), I still believe in drive
Give me a sign
My loneliness is killing me inside
I must confess, I still believe in drive
When I'm not with you I lose my mind
Give me a sign
That it's mine
Hit me (Hit me), baby
One more time
Ay, ay, ay, ay
Uh, for the resolution, the color, the science of them
Everything about JPEGs, I like

Yeah, I ain't relaxed yet (Nah)
Takin' a break from these albums, I'm gassin' (I'm gassin')
Yet my skills is past that (Yeah)
They talkin' down, we've been lookin' right at that
They think I can't match that (Yeah)
Peggy too real for these games and we past that
Talkin' 'bout smack (Smack)
And you niggas ain't did shit about it, what's that?
Are you thirsty? Are you lost? Are you dumb? Bitch, where you at?
Carmen Sandiego all on this map
You lied to the Lord, and you lied through these apps
Your man got the two piece, 'cause you'll get the MAC
Don't stop lyin' (Don't do it)
I get stuck in the past, get to cryin'
Then remember my path, get to rhymin'
Hah, it doesn't get better

My loneliness is killing me inside
I must confess, I still believe in drive
When I'm not with you I lose my mind
Give me a sign
That it's mine
Hit me, baby
One more time, oh
Oh, baby, baby
Uh, hit me
Oh, baby, baby

// ARE U HAPPY? //

And you're with me tonight, take one
There will come a time in your life
When you will ask yourself a series of questions
"Am I happy with who I am?"
(Am I happy with who I am?)
"Am I happy with the people around me?"
(Am I happy with the people around me?)
"Am I happy with what I am doing?"
(Am I happy with what I am doing?)
"Am I happy with the way my life is going?"
(Am I happy with the way my life is going?)
"Do I have a life?"
(Do I have a life?)
"Or am I just living?"
(Or am I just living?)
Do not let these questions restrain or trouble you
(If you haters wanna rumble)
(Bring your ana to the door)
Just point yourself in the direction of your dreams
(Ho, you know how you can get me)
(You can catch me at-)
Find your strength in the sound and make your transition
(If you haters wanna rumble)
(Bring your ana to the door) (Ease your trouble)
Huh, huh, huh (Will I die?)
(If you got it, I'm the one that's gotta fight it)
(Bring your ana to the door)
Huh, huh, huh, huh

All of my music is Mission: Impossible
I made these normies believe in a vet (Yeah)
Crackers be thinking these lines are deplorable
They just be mad 'cause I aim for they neck, wait
(Ease your trouble)
Mad 'cause I aim for they-
They just be mad 'cause I still get respect
Even when I got my foot on they-wait (Bars)
Feel like I'm raiding they room
Crackers be yellin' out, "MTV next" (Woo)
Rip up a deal, settled for less
You can tell Craig I doubled it back (Uh)
Doubled it, doubled it, doubled it back (Ease your trouble)
Nah, what? Uh (Make your transition)
Working is hard, it's easy to hate
Scraping the plate, I get it
But homie, I can't relate
These off-ass beats got me blue in the face in the face
R.I.P. DOOM, through the villain I'm raised
Giving these beats to pussy and cases only
(Ease your trouble)

Haga tu transición
Huh, huh, huh, uh

You not gon' rattle this nigga
Young Peg in the clutch turn to Damian Lillard
I made it out poverty richer
You heard one of my songs and got triggered
We ain't got the same type of issues (Ease your trouble)
The text green, are you jealous or mental?
So unoriginal, you gon' have to Awkwafina the accent if you want to trend
All of my hate come from weak-ass men
With their weak-ass hoes and their woke-ass friends
I come with the truth, I make 'em go bitch
I'm baiting these incels to meet with the clipse (Ease your trouble)
Dirty

Make your transition
Make your trans-
There will be people who say you can't
There will be people who will say
"You don't mix this with that"
And you will say, "Watch me" (Watch me)
(Ease your trouble)
If you haters wanna rumble
Bring your ana to the door
Ho, you know how you can get me
You can catch me at a shit
If you haters wanna rumble
I got my own fire (Ease your trouble)
You can catch me at a show
This is how I represent
Bring your ana to the door
Ho, you know how you can get me
You can catch me at a shit
If you haters wanna rumble
I got my own fire (Ease your trouble)
If you haters wanna rumble
Nada más que júntate en la dirección de tus sueños
Encuentra fuerza en el sonido

// REBOUND! //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, you know the truth is the truth, you know?
Yeah, uh, uh
Huh, huh

When I look at your shit, I'm like, "Huh?"
When I look at my shit, I'm like, "Ah!"
Wave cap got me feelin' like Guapdad
All I do is respond how I'm mad
It gets funnier the more that you front (You front)
'Fore you click make sure it's what you want

Why would I pray for your health? (Yeah)
Baby, I pray for myself
Why would I pay for your pics, boo? (Yeah)
I'm fuckin' somebody else (Uh)
I'm fuckin' somebody better (Yeah)
You bitches is fuckin' whoever (Yeah-yeah)

Y'all niggas out here, man, I just, I just (Get it)
I don't understand, man, niggas don't think I have eyes (Wet it)
Think I don't have ears, man (Haha)

Uh, D-zero-N-O-T fuck with me
Baby, I can't be stopped, for real (Ooh)
Last nigga tried me broke and lyin'
Baby, I heard this man got grilled (I heard)
Look at the preacher and look at the spiel
Swear on the bible I keep it concealed
Kiss from no roses, I left 'em like Seal (Ah, huh)

Why would I pray for your health? (Huh)
Baby, I pray for myself (Yeah)
Why would I pay for your pics, boo?
I'm fuckin' somebody else (For real)
I'm fuckin' somebody better
You bitches is fuckin' whoever

[DATPIFFMAFIA (JPEGMAFIA):]
Yeah, I'm over the top, uh
I get to buildin' off all of the energy built by the opps, uh
I get to aimin' this flame and the banger
Gon' mangle his top, uh
Full metal jacket, rappin' smackin' harder than soap in a sock, uh
Key be to lock, I'm meaner than most
I cleaned up the flow with a broom and a mop
Flowin' abrupt, snake rockin' next to me
I drew the line on the side like I'm Brock
Speakin' of Brock, line to your face
Copied and paste, left not a trace, you gotta taste
Shit woulda been a Zoom meeting 'cause I woulda boxed up his face (Uh), wait

[JPEGMAFIA:]
How you talk shit and get caught with no pole?
How you still up and tell me you old?
Fuck your momma, brother, sister and niece
Baby, you failed, try to find a new goal
We know this *****
We know you love to put teens behind bars
***** think it's cute when they sing
When we catch him we gon' pull him apart
It's ugh, it's that way
Countin' money and bitches in the ashtray
Gettin' death threats every week (Uh)
From some pussies that y'all never see
First, your daddy, I rolled in a sweet (Oh yeah)
Then you came to my show and got beat (Oh yeah)
It's so funny, you try work it out
When y'all niggas can't even stay on beat, huh

It's crazy
Fix that verse, man, you Wizard of Oz rappin' motherfucker
Look, huh

All them threats be makin' me hard (It's hard)
Opposite of who you really be
All that shit that you did to your girl
I just wish that you'd do it to me
He told me to stop dissin' his kin, huh
Oops, I did it again (My bad, shut yo bitch ass up)
I just know those ***** niggas dead
Know it hurts that you missin' your friend (Phew)
Know I'm selfish as shit, niggas know that I'm petty
You know we got beef and you know that I'm winning (Know it hurts)
Niggas named after baking soda, but he never touched no fuckin' coke in his city
He pretendin', thanks to me that bullshit endin'
Heard your tape, but I didn't get a mention
'Cause you know how that woulda ended, huh
Internet think I been playin' with shit (Huh)
You know I'll bitch you in front of your kids
Know you *****, I plan on confrontin' you
Show up in class, I ain't packin' no Lunchable, nigga
[*gunshot*]

[Outro:]
Oh my God

// OG! //

Yes, but you are the hip-hop gangster
To switch around the answer bring it right to the top (Woah)
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
To switch around the answer bring it right to the top (Woah)
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
To switch around the answer bring it right to the top
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
Got a witness by my side, the truth to tell
You can ask B.I., my brother Shamel
Comin' straight from Brooklyn where the warriors dwell
Comin' straight from Brooklyn where the warriors dwell

Uh, I gotta have it (Have it), it's not a habit (Habit)
I feel like a bad bitch, I smack it up (Smack it)
It's a closed casket (Uh-huh), this flow's mastered
I'm a whole has-been, I know it's tough (I know it's tough)
We're spittin' off-beat in my old spot (Old spot)
How you gon' tell me I ain't poppin'? Baby, you're not (Not at all)
Finna take that place back (Yeah, yeah)
Finna take the game back (Yeah, yeah)
And I'm still spittin' in their mouth, I know you hate that
Better put that money down, better store that cash in a tree
Better make it work just like they been workin' me (Just Ice)
And when this album over, work for nobody for free (Just Ice)
And when this album over, work for nobody but me (Just Ice)

So for all you pussyclots just lick the street
Yes, but you are the hip-hop gangster
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
To switch around the answer bring it right to the top
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
To switch around the answer bring it right to the top
Sir Vicious Just Ice, the gangster of hip-hop
Got a witness by my side, the truth to tell
You can ask B.I., my brother Shamel
Comin' straight from Brooklyn where the warriors dwell
Comin' straight from Brooklyn where the warriors dwell
Strong words there from JPEGMAFIA

// DAM! DAM! DAM! //

Some of you niggas ain't like that
So I-I-I, I can't, I can't ever say nothin' to you
You know, I just gotta sum you up
You the sum up type
Round you niggas up to one lil' thing, you know, gotta address
You know what I'm sayin'
Put you in a bucket, dump the fuckin' fire
Damn, damn, damn!

Damn, damn, I feel like the new black Hen' Rollins
Niggas studyin' my footwork, I'm James Harden
Bitch, who it? (Who it?)
Where you goin'? Uh, come here
I thought I told your ass already I ain't from here (Facts)
And, yeah, we gotta drive to La La and you know why
I gotta go and hurry through New Jersey, can't pump there (No)
Babe (Babe), I'm such a negative bitch (Why?)
My friends turned on me, then I turned rich (Pshh)
Sodom, Gamorrah, I turned back, they still talkin' shit (Damn)
Hold my hand (Yeah), all my ex-ex-fans (That's right)
I promise (Yeah), I swear the baby need somebody and a new header (Uh-huh)
I did *** like, "Of course I could do better" (What else, uh)

Gotta take more shots, get a good lead
Keep takin' them shots 'til the rim bleed
'Til I succeed, work like Little Steve
Workin' all day, I don't take no sick leave
In my sleep, hear click beats
Gotta keep swimmin' 'til that motherfuckin' ship leak
Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what?

Your bitch is just fuckin' whoever (Yeah)
I fuck her, she's yours, she let him (Okay)
Damn, is this the price of havin' fans?
Babe, I'm so precise, I'm always planned (Ayy, what the fuck?)
And Afro Thunder with these hands, uh (Yeah)
On your head, gon' be some, uh (Frrp, sheesh)
On my head must be some bands (Yeah)
Gucci Mane, I think I love her (Yeah)
Danny Swain, I think I love her (Yeah)
Big nose in that ***** (Ah)
Feel like Andre Iguodala (Facts)
The money put me in a trance (What? Yeah)
The label got me nudgin' stems (Wait)
I need way more than that for an advance (Oh, yeah)
Play with my money, shit won't go as planned (For sure, sure)

Gotta take more shots, get a good lead (For sure)
Keep takin' them shots 'til the rim bleeds
'Til I succeed, work like Little Steve
Workin' all day, I don't take no sick leave
In my sleep, hear click beats
Gotta keep swimmin' 'til that muhfuckin' ship leak
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what? Uh, what?

Oh, it's just, man, fuck that
[?]
I just gotta let you know
I prolly shouldn't be talkin' like this, but
It's fine

// SICK, NERVOUS & BROKE! //

You think you-
Complete
Kurt
Man

Why the fuck you say that shit you say if you ain't mean it?
I don't believe it
She bumpin' Brent but she black as Ben Carson (Yeah-yeah)
Back in the bricks, I was givin' dick to all my sergeants (Yeah-yeah)
I know you mad 'cause your friends ain't no Gs (Not at all)
And we got straps as big as Dugg in my apartment (One, one)
Keep it on the hip, when I load the clip I'ma blow the cartridge (Bah)
And aim that heat at your garments, boy

What about that shit you said them years when I was broke? (Yeah)
And what about buyin' a ticket to get beat up at my show? (Yeah, yeah)
The opposition sick of me, tired, nervous, and broke (Word)
You thought that I forgot but bitch, I'm never letting go
I got 'em on the ropes (Huh?)
Hit him hard, swing it left and get em gone (Uh)
Pick him up, dust him off, give him some more (Uh)
All my opps sick, tired, nervous, and broke
And they still take me as some j- (Man, huh?)
Now, are you feelin' me, baby, or do you need it more?
I keep straight faces like Casey whenever I'm in court
I can't keep making fire, I never pass the torch (Yeah)
Lil' Bruce Wayne, I'm so special with it
Beyond your reach tryna big up all these Terry McGinnis
Black Canelo puttin' on a clinic (Yeah)
They don't know how I'm doin' it, still stuck on how I did it, weak

I wish I would sidechain that kick to a beat, bitch, please
That's shit you need, bum!
Complete
Hmm

Why the fuck I'm still here walking 'round if you a demon?
See? (Mm-mm) I don't believe it (Not at all)
When I shoot my shit, I don't never miss, bet I hit hit my target (Yeah-yeah)
And they gonna learn quick, I'm the wrong nigga to start with it (Yeah-yeah)
I know why you hate, 'cause you don't feel safe in your own apartment (Nah)
I know why you hate, 'cause you know you lame even though you balling (Check it out)
Yeah, I see the bitch in you niggas, I know that's common (Uh)
The money can't change how a bitch nigga started (Check it out)
End up makin' threats (Yeah), start off paying homage (Shocked)
Caught for possession, I feel like Sarah McLachlan (Brrah)
Bitch, drop your nuts, I'm tired of tweetin' and talking
Pretty socks, big Glocks, bitch, I'm with the nonsense, come here
Uh

What about that shit you said that year when I was broke? (Yeah)
And what about buyin' a ticket to get beat up at my show? (Yeah, yeah)
The opposition sick of me, tired, nervous, and broke (Word)
You thought that I forgot but bitch, I'm never letting go
I got 'em on the rope (Huh?)
Hit him hard, swing it left and get him gone (Uh)
Pick him up, dust him off, give him some more (Uh)
All my opps sick, tired, nervous, and broke
And they still take me as some j- (Man, huh?)
Now, are you feelin' me, baby, or do you need it more?
I kiss their faces like Casey whenever I'm in court
I can't keep making fire, I never pass the torch (Yeah)
Lil' Bruce Wayne, I'm so special with it
Beyond your reach tryna big up all these Terry McGinnis
Black Canelo puttin' on a clinic (Yeah)
They don't know how I'm doin' it, still stuck on how I did it, weak

Uh
Uh

No, no, no, hahaha
You know it's so close, next to anything
I'm like, "Where'd that go?"
Man, that album is fire
It has some whack shit on there, but man
It has some shit on there that's just like, woo
There's a song on there that's actually too ****
Really?
Yeah, they had to make **** fucking versions to take it off
It was just like too ****
It just can't be stomached by the...
No, no, it was like the first track
I was like, "Oh my God"
I like it, but I was like
So okay, let's do that again
Yeah
It's just the whole thing, so just sing with me

You're selfish like me
It's why we get along famously
It's too late for me, baby
I don't wanna be sold out, baby
I don't wanna be stressed out for profit
I don't wanna be gone that long
Okay, you'll get yours and I'll get mine
You'll get yours and I'll get mine

And then like
You can alternate any of those, whatever you want
Okay, hold on

// KISSY, FACE EMOJI! //

A world premier
Please leave your message for 213 [*beep-beep-beep*] 3 [*beep*] 8
Gently spin me around
I'ma spin me around (Peggy spin me around)
I know it's wrong
Oh, girl, now say they are
Baby, I

You better lock your door, shawty
You better lock your door, shawty (Shawty)
Niggas gon' slide right in, no warning (No warning)
You got style, keep that shit inside him (Huh)

Doin' no favors
Got that Glock goin' fast, goin' fast, goin' fast

One deep in the back
Black man can't depend on sympathy (Yeah)
I feel like hip hop tried to put a hit on me
Pussy niggas put me in a box, it's belittling
Repo'd, these beats keep coming in kilos (Kilos)
Switch styles, make 'em feel like Mantio
In this game, the police use cheat codes (Ya heard me)

Huh, I feel like I just beat a case (Huh)
Whole different styles in my other hand
If you been here a while, you relate
I stay feeding my kids, I'm they government
Baby Reagan, I'm crack on the case (On the case)
Trickle down, get that shit off my chest, bang
Step off the stage, I feel so hot (Damn)

No weeks to relax
On the road I'm a redhead stranger
You know I gotta keep the smoke for the haters
You know we only- conceal
No faces, no case, no deal
Mind vacant, new champ, new heel
This flagrant, better yet so real
I love 'em

Huh, I feel like I just beat a case (Case)
Hold it for style in my other hand
If you been here a while, you relate
I stay feeding my kids, I'm they government
Baby Reagan, I'm crack on the case (On the case)
Trickle down, get that shit off my chest, bang [*gunshot*]
Step off the stage, I feel so hot (Damn)

(Bitch nigga, rich nigga, trick nigga, talk shit)
You better lock your door, shawty (Three)
He's gon' slide right in, no warning
You got style, keep that shit inside it

// NICE! //

I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Oh, Lord (Oh, Lord)
I do that (Do that)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Oh, oh (Don't let me)
Nice
(Nice)
(Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Oh, Lord (Oh, Lord)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
(Do that) That
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
(Nice)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me down)
I pump it up (Pump it up)
Don't let me down (Don't let me)

I-
I-
Double time!

// BMT! //

Uh, back in this bitch with a C in the case
All in the 'Gram, but don't be in my face
Gotta keep goin', I see why you hate
You know how I do it, I see what you make
Just stop it, wait
How I got these niggas runnin' in place
Mute Spittah when that gun in your face
Packin' the MAC in the back of the gate
Everything you hear, I actually made
You witty on Twitter, but bitch, is you actually paid? (Nope)
Your bodyguards can't keep you safe
I tell the wolves I don't need no plate

Fuck my sergeants, fuck your base
Fuck that harness, fuck them planes
Fuck your music, fuck them chains
Fuck your videos, fuck your face
Everything that y'all do is fake
Everything that I do get hate
I tell the wolves I don't need no plate
My bulldogs gon' eat your face
Yeah, that shit don't make me feel no type of way (Nah)
All in yo' city get no type of hate, none
All them threats sound fake, A
Niggas get shot everyday, B
I can't peek your face, C
This price, make him pay (Rap)
I just want the hate (The hate)
I just want your place (Place)
I gave it up to God (Okay)
And God gave me this K
Make it shake, wait
I'm tired of dodging fate (I can't)
It's so many niggas I hate (I hate)
It's so many these niggas I can't (I can't)
I can't
(Fuck 'em, huh, uh)

Uh, back in this bitch with a C in the case
All in the 'Gram, but don't be in my face
Gotta keep goin', I see why you hate
You know how I do it, I see what you make
Just stop it, wait
How I got these niggas runnin' in place
Mute Spittah when that gun in your face
Packin' the MAC in the back of the gate (Uh, uh)
Everything you hear, I actually made
You witty on Twitter, but bitch, is you actually paid? (Uh, uh)
No bodyguards can keep you safe
I tell the wolves, I don't need no plate

// THE GHOST OF RANKING DREAD! //

[Intro:]
Once you start seeing me training and grinding, you gon' fuckin' go bitch
Everything about JPEGs I like

[Tkay Maidza:]
Ain't nothing wrong with the two of us
Know that
Put it down just like you miss me
Know that
Ain't nothing wrong with the two of us
Know that
Miss me
Know that

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Uh, oh, I got **** baby momma in the back seat
This other **** baby mama won't stop harrassin' me
I can't keep up with these girls
I just want quiet and peace
There's more than dick in this world
Bitch, take me back to the streets
Gotta keep sonning of you, fuck every one of you
I got the gun in a T (For real)
She said I'm done with you, I had my fun with you
Take me back to the streets
Watch your tongue when you talk to this geek
Choppa don't jam, it's like one of y'all beats
Stay in the lab, get the fuck out the streets
This is not what you want
This is not where you at
This not it
I finesse and jugg and that bitch
Give it back, I ain't through with that shit
Can't do shit on your own, don't you need the assist?
Attack of the Clones when these niggas be spittin'
Off-beat shit ain't gon' make you a livin'
Teach you somethin' since you think that I'm kiddin'
Woke, third-eye rappin' ass niggas
NOI flows, with pork for an image
Woah, call up the minister, something just ain't addin' up
But lions and leopards ain't meant to be jiggy
Tyrone Hill, they say meant to be pretty
Niggas named after baking soda, but he never touched no fuckin' coke in your city
She's so thick, hit that bitch with a fast ball
Know you wanna fuck for my image
Heard your tape, glad I didn't get a mention
Last year bitch, I beat a sentence
That's why these hoes just want the attention
Stop talking
I see you blur your face for the 'Gram
I blur your face for forensics
With this DAW bitch, I'm Jimi Hendrix
With this thot shit I'm Eddie Hen-
Wait, Kendricks, man

// HAZARD DUTY PAY! //

You think you know me
In the morning
There's a fear of nightfall
When darkness comes and covers all
Sometimes we feel pain, ay
Sometimes we feel pain, ay

Uh, if he fall on that flow let 'em go, gone
Niggas ain't built for this page in my art
All this Champagne put a stain on my heart
Don't pick him up, he ain't built for this part
If you wasn't here for them lows, walk
Blick on my hip and I'm dressed like a God
Labels like critics just choosing to talk
I take a shot and like Moses they part
Man, I can't tell what you mean (Huh)
Why does your black feel like business to me?
Industry lies never line up on screen (Facts)
Peggy keep scoring, I feel like The Dream
Yeah, what you want, uh
Y'all love the fake, I've been real from the start
Never hesitate to shoot at a star
Stocked up on weapons and pussy and cars
Just thought you should know
Look at this lane that I made, it was vacant
These veggie grill niggas don't really want beef
Real niggas die and then fakers replace 'em
Now I see my DNA all in y'all beats
Talk, niggas just rap, don't back up what they talk
Play for me, got so much smoke in my heart
Rap like I'm gifted and grew up on God, yeah
Shorty want dick (What?), money, and leverage
One out of three, feel like three when I'm in it (Skrrt)
Peggy the GOAT, more like the feds
As soon as you see me you know that it's finished
And, how can you tell that he's winnin' (How?)
Floated right through the pandemic, no limits
Stunted creatively, don't got a vision
I die for my pride, you be hiding in gimmicks
Glock with a switch turn a vegan to spinach (Brr)
PM-50, we ain't beefin', you dinner
Turn a "I'll do it" right into "Who did it?"
Some you can't speak, you should just buy a ticket
Choke 'em to death with that smoke for this fire
Giving these alt niggas hope when I die
Call up my mama then hang up the line (Bitch)
Money got me feelin' wet like I'm Thai
Hard, when I go out tell 'em Peggy ain't give up, he fought
Fuck 'em!

Sometimes we feel pain, ay (Huh, dirty)
Sometimes we feel pain, feel pain
We can change, just we feel pain, ay
Sometimes we feel pain, the day, ay
Sometimes we feel pain, ay, ay, ay

// GOD DON'T LIKE UGLY! //

Be blessed by the lord, I know I-

Dawg, pick a location
Promise 'bout your pride and shock up when I put that pen to pavement
Y'all can keep that dickriding, I don't need that
'Cause real niggas only feel you when they see cheques
These days the bar so low for weird shit, had to stop sharing
I'm so peerless, beats get you off your bum ass like Baron
White boys be on they burners, who they think they scaring?
Black men who hate themselves don't like what I be sharing
Steady bumping niggas who don't own what they be blaring
It's apparent, you niggas got failed by your parents
Stay on my side like Sharon
Cut your season off as soon as you get to airin'
God don't like ugly, and just look how you appearing, nigga
You bitches all blue notes, no Harold Melvins (Facts)
Look, I get it, y'all need a image y'all don't care 'bout talent
I know that you won't admit it but you love my stylin'
Got a clip at one of my shows, you see me free and wilin'
I'm a young Frank Zappa, y'all Sarah Palin
Just simple, basic, no balance
Some niggas is washed up, y'all need to leave the island
Everybody can't be Beyoncé, bitches be wilding
Somebody gotta be Michelle, I guess you ain't surviving, huh

Shut your goofy ass up
Oh yes, lord, ble-
Oh, lord, I-
He's gonna bless you
He's gonna bless you, ah-

// DIKEMBE! //

Então você vai ver
Você vai ver e vai voltar
Então você vai ver
Você vai ver e vai voltar

Uh, beefing with bums, I just rap for a hobby, huh (Uh)
Millions of views, not bad for a commie, huh? (Uh)
Yeah, your IG threats can't stop me (Stop me)
Show me that face, girl, take off the proxy (Take off the proxy)
I pray that your ears grow up, (Grow up) and I wish you the best in your hobbies
(Huh, huh, huh, huh)
How the fuck you this way? Now you switched up and I don't believe it (Don't believe it)
One hand in the air, feelin' like Dikembe when I block the demons (Block the demons)
Don't matter who sent, don't matter where it went
I just can't stop the bleeding, yeah (Nah)

I was struggling, babe (Struggling)
Not with the money and not with the fame (Fame)
All of my bitches they control me with shame
Take down the IP, look at the hate (Hate)
Blood, sweat, tears, working in vein (Vein)
Seven pounds, everything bright they throw me I shade (Shade)
Where there's dick, there's pussy, there's profit (What else?)
These are the choices that you gotta make (Wait, wait)

Wait, (Wait), wait, (Wait), wait
How could you hate?
Beating up barriers, fucking up odds (Ay)
Y'all can't see, big Peggy, no mas (Ay)
Beats on deck, no help, no mods
Ya know I look up to these stars
Sike, I'm on the ground with the Gods
I act like a dick 'cause they treat me like Todd (Hah)
I don't hear none of you, I'm in front of you (Woah)
My lyrics trouble you, They confronting you (Go on)
How did I did that? You don't wanna knew
Step when I pop out (Bloaw)
A good son will do anything it takes to make it exist
Musical risk, we upping the switch
Brrt! Brrt! (Hah)
Next time you sub, remember the cli-
[*gunshot*]

Então você vai ver
Você vai ver e vai voltar
Então você vai ver
Você vai ver e vai voltar

// UNTITLED //

Because I like JPEGs
Eh, yeah
Uh

Damn, how ya want it then?
Industry done let a wolf in a pig pen
Big mouth, back it up, why you faking then?
And you niggas sneak diss and I'm starting to feel like Zimmerman
Not fly, trap a star, strip a wing from him
Back in the city, you a pot that I'm pissing in
Ooh, somebody pray for this dweeb (Pray for 'em)
Some niggas die tryna make a-mends
They gon' find your bitchass face down
You want this nigga? I'll be that (Yeah)
In the grave I'ma be where your seed at
You still ain't ran this fade
And you know that I'm still with that nonsense
Leave lil bitch in the field with no options
But you stay on my mind everyday, huh
Yeah, it's no secret
Crown heavy on my head but I keep it (Yeah, yeah)
In the grave like Pa, I'm heated
Amazon's fresh at your door, bring the beef in
You still ain't ran no fade
How the fuck am I still on your conscience
Know my enemies sick of this taunting
But you stay on my mind every day, yeah, for real

Uh, when it's cold outside, get up in the office
Dead niggas steam better, lemme pick a coffin (Sure)
My main bitch wanna get hit but I ain't Steve Austin
When I die, bury me next to Scott Hall (Sheesh)
And bottles sharpening my edges, I'm an alcoholic
Gotta keep my hairline on Candace Owens, Kevin Owens (Uh)
Real nigga, fuck a token, melatonin
Niggas sleepin' on the moment (B-bap!)
Apnea, late night with the Glock loaded
Joe Budden with the pump when I aim, focus
Nigga, how ya never miss when the whole world is hopeless? (Huh)
Joe Biden, can't remember, think I gotta focus
I be going
Speed through the tolls, my bitch consoling
All these writers getting fired feel like James Comey
Nigga, fuck a interview, you better know it's on me
And I don't trust these nigga's views, I gotta kill 'em calmly
Catch a nigga in the lobby, hit 'em with the Olly (Yeah)
And I'm fucking at your partners 'cause you know I'm poly
I'ma be swinging on these crackers like I'm playing hockey (Bitch)
Young P. K. Subban with the stick on me
These niggas grey worm, straight Unsullied
Boy, you scared and you weak, plus you dress bummy (C'mon, daddy)
I be twerkin' on stage like I'm Bad Bunny (You the man, daddy)
These niggas going through a phase
I'm going out the country, why? (Be like that)
'Cause I get more money
Young Thor with the hammer and you can't touch me
What your life like?
Why you settle for this job?
Get your mic right
These off-field niggas spreading highlights
Acting like we can't read a fucking b**k, man (Man)
And you not weirdos
And you not with the shits
And you never on go
Yeah, what the fuck?
Begging for a donation (Gèt manman ou)
And shout out to my Haitians, uh
Get money, nigga, stay patient
When you doin shit right, lames stay hating, yeah (True)
Pull that blicky out, they singing like Clay Aiken
Y'all circle jerking with no bitches and no bacon (None)
Out west with the Smith like I'm Jaden
Let it ring from either hand like Nick Saban (Brrat)
More money, more guns, less vacations, nigga
We deserve them donations
Don't play with me, bitch, play PlayStation, it's safer

// 100 //

I feel like-
All my-

Foreigns all in the garage
Remember my first menage (Yeah)
Yeah, Tori and Brittany
I'm shoppin' for di— (I rode my)
She looked at my watch too long, now she see stars (Blow, blow)
I got so high last night I did a show on Mars
My role model used to get a hundred, hundred
My role model used to get a hundred
Hundred blocks
My role model used to get a hundred blocks
Hundred, hundred
[*gunshot*]
My role model used to get a hundred blocks
My role model used to get a hundred (Hundred)
Hundred blocks
My role model used to get a hundred (Hundred)
Get a hundred
[*gunshot*] (Woah)
Nah, I don't got no sympathy
She blew my whistle like a referee
Foreigns all in the garage
Remember my first menage (Yeah)
Yeah, Tori and Brittany
I'm shoppin' for diamonds at Tiffany's

And I was hoping to—

