Album: SCARINGTHEHOES

// Lean Beef Patty //

... in the morning
Maybe we could start a family
I wanna see your pretty face
Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man
Oh yeah, oh yeah
This is what I need

[JPEGMAFIA:]
First off, fuck Elon Musk
Eight dollars too much, this past expensive
For the hoes in the back and the cracks in the slack
If I tweet then delete then I meant it (Uh)
I don't really need a check, 'cause I got no respect
And these niggas might know me like a dentist (Uh-huh)
Said he all about these beats
So he hear some shit and then get offended (Uh, let's go!)
This ain't what you want (Let's go), no, this ain't what you want
Ah, fuck y'all niggas, I feel like Papa John (Insane)
Laughin' straight to the bank, I'm Tony Khan (Khan)
And they hate what I say 'cause I ain't wrong (Hate 'cause I ain't wrong, uh)
What kind of rappin' is this? The kind that make rap niggas pissed (You know it)
I put the dough on my bitch, that pussy ain't feelin' like this, she know it
These niggas be textin' with kids, it doesn't get stranger than this, that's hoe shit
Fuck a bar, I don't fuck with you niggas like I'm Hulk Hogan (Wait)
I am mean
Rittenhouse with the shot, and repeat
While you stretchin' the truth in your tweets
I been stretchin' your girl, Iron Sheik
What's the deets?
In the crib, drinkin' Soylent for weeks (For weeks)
Watch your energy, watch what you tweet
You can go from Elon to Ye in a week, buddy (Buddy, buddy, buddy)

[Danny Brown:]
Numb the shots with that antidote
Blacked out, we can't take no more
So get away before shit get slow
Even if I've seen it before
Behind the scenes, on that crack room flow
Smokin' up, I don't need no more
So let me tell you 'bout where we gon' go
Know your place, you won't act wrong, B
You ain't gotta lie, hit this anarchy
In your head, girl, I'm rent free
She can't stop thinkin' 'bout me
So drop it low, like you're pickin' up change
Go'n head girl, do your thing
So bust up, and then what's up?
Spittin' fast like Busta
You might need to trust her
Feel like I love ya

// Steppa Pig //

[Danny Brown:]
Check
Uncut with that [?] (Style)
My brain fried, don't do drugs
Had two plugs, one just died (Style)
I'm up late, no talk show
Been five up, [?] low (Everything about JPEGs, I like)
Talk with a hoe, had a bank roll
Shop 'nother clothes if you wearin' it slow
Ain't no way, got to be another day of shit for me (Shit for me)
Gave up off their stock, had the recipe (The recipe)
Nah, I do this for my legacy (My legacy)
[?] with my dawg, I need an extra three
You ain't never seen no things, I use most everything
[?] and say most everything (Uh-uh)
Bust up, do it like [?], no [?], no ice pack
I ask the bitch, "Do you like that?" (Do you like that?)
My young nigga step for me, like Mo Bamba in the paint (Get to steppin')
You don't know shit about me, nigga, who is yo' man?
Brown, got a one extra like Lifestyle, BBC
White girls all on me, but—
Love, my dick could roll it up
Make her real like Whitney, get the bands up, satisfied
I be on my lonely, worry 'bout no gossip
Niggas pocket watchin', y'all look in my wallet
Just keep it on the hush, hush
Hang tough, they ain't like us
Just hang yourself if you need help

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Uh, back in this bitch with the dope, she backin' it up for a gram
Baby, I cannot do nothin' with hope, I'ma try molly and Xans
Been tryin' get me to ghost, boy, you ain't Kai, one twitch and you banned
Ninety degrees a coat, hoe, and I ain't showin' my hands
Uh, I make it harder to breathe
My Kimber like my emotions, I keep 'em both in my sleeve
I need more time to myself, I don't need advice, I just need to be
Back in this bitch, what's the issue? You bitches ain't barkin' when you off the leash, fuck 'em
Uh, they don't got nothin' for me
It's like I been workin' for crumbs, now I'm feelin' free as my speech
Colin Kaep', I'm a free agent, cap the salary, free up my teams
Y'all rap like replacements, they can finally replace it for me
When I stalk your lanes and I see you livin' life respectfully
And I tell myself, "You ain't know her worth," and I draft apologies (Fuck)

Uh, check it out, man, look (Step it)
These niggas act like I owe them
These niggas be dickridin' for grown-ass men that don't even know them
They don't even come outside, don't ever see mans late night like Conan
They off of that two [?] high, incels just can't let it go like Frozen
Bet if I let off these shots, no games, you finna just dance like Goten
White people love makin' excuses and bitchin', I guess it's what culture is for them
You know that this shit don't stop black men that hate me, usually talkin', broke as hell
Mad people love me for me, why they still put on a fret and nobody knows them?
Don't like when I talk like this? (Nah)
'Cause they know that this shit is for them
These crackers love talkin' 'bout me and actin' like it's my job to ignore them
Bitch, please (Please), still rich, still pretty, still tourin'
Still lit, still gritty, I'm borin'
I don't fuck with you niggas like Hogan
Trigger finger just be glitchin' his program
I ain't takin' disrespect from no man
Niggas rap 'bout guns, don't own 'em
Y'all sippin' liquor, you can't even hold it
I'm takin' shots everyday like DeRozan (Yee, yee, molly water)

// SCARING THE HOES //

Let me see some
Everytime (You think you know me)
Everytime

Stop scarin' the hoes
Play that shit that'll have them touch they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more" (Uh)
"What the fuck is that? Give me back my aux cord" (Yeah)
Stop scarin' the hoes
Play that shit that'll have them touch they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more" (Nah)
"What the fuck is that? Give me back my aux cord"

Play somethin' for the bitches
How the fuck we s'posed to make money of this shit?
You wanna be a MC?
What the fuck you think, it's 1993?

Play it to that big league, if you don't miss
Boy, fuck that hip hop and that old man flow
Where the autotune at? Give a fuck about that trash
'Cause the art is for the scams, catch up old man
Said it ain't about the bars, cause it's all about the brand (What)
Say all about the options (Chills), 'cause all of it is fake (What's)
Give a fuck about the fake (What's)
Put the money in my hand (I see you workin' that)
'Bout to buy a new chain
Give a fuck about savin' (I see you workin' that)
Got a [?]
And a brand new ring (Work it)
'Bout to go to the beach (Work it)
Bring my hoes in (Work it)
I'm a business man (Woo)
You gon' buy my tickets
Now work that shit, woo

Stop scarin' the hoes
Play that shit that'll have them touch they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more"
"What the fuck is that? Give me back my aux cord"
Stop scarin' the hoes
Play that shit that'll have them touch they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more"
"What the fuck is that? Give me back my aux cord"

Play somethin' for the bitches
How the fuck we s'posed to make money of this shit?
You wanna be a MC?
What the fuck you think, it's 1993?

Stop scarin' the hoes
Playing that shit, have them touchin' they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more"
"What the fuck is that? Give me that aux cord"
Stop scarin' the hoes
Playing that shit, have them touchin' they toes
"We don't wanna hear that weird shit no more"
"What the fuck is that? Give me that aux cord"

What's
Chills
What's, what's
I see you workin' that
I see you workin' that
Work it, work it, work it, woo
Now work that shit

// Garbage Pale Kids //

[Danny Brown:]
Niggas don't rap no more, they just sell clothes
So I should probably quit and start a line of bathrobes for coke like this
Yeah, we ask Siri if I'm that nigga
She'll probably answer back
"Don't ask me stupid shit, my nigga"
I'm a stone cold degenerate, working out wit no membership
I'm in LA, you wonder where the bitches went? (Where the bitches go?)
My manuscript, I can't handle it
Eat ya ass like I'm Canibus
I show up on your screen like televangelist
And they have faith that I can clap those cheeks like—
Danny Brown take your [?] more than a milkshake
And I say— (No coke here)
I— I— I'ma— no
They wanna see me fall off, but they nuts sprout
I keep the custos at the front door
We goin' around the corner, 'round the stock flow (Go)

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Uh, yeah
Yeah, some of you niggas be talkin' that shit
You be spendin' all your life on your muhfuckin' raps
Gettin' locked up ain't enough
Get a strap and a dawg get shot me to the back
Shut the fuck up with them sounds like [?]
No dibs, this what you get when you packin' a MAC
This thing, it ain't out my league, it ain't right in the head
I'ma pull your daddy out his cast
(Suck my dick, bitch ass nigga)
Shut yo' fuck ass up and see it
Caught everybody, stick to the cream
Servin' these niggas like I'm Paula Dean
Plug walk, I don't cook but I eat
Hook shot, bitch I think I'm Kareem
I don't believe what you say in them beats
Niggas be [?], why you still postin' memes?
Why you ain't grab no beam
These niggas still on my feed, talkin' what he should've did
Should've-could've-would've ass nigga, why the fuck you ain't it did it?
The way that you talk someone should've been missing, my boy
It ain't real, 'less you can't see that
Uh-uh
You can't be broke and over 30, getting your ass beat, where do you sleep at?
Come on, bro

// Fentanyl Tester //

[Kelis (JPEGMAFIA):]
I know you want it
The thing that makes me (You know I'm just sayin' man, ah)
What the guys, guys go crazy for

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Is it the car, the clothes, the money, the jewelry, the cribs, the drugs or the hoes?
Is it the ket, the meth, the weed, the lean, the molly, the boy, or the blow?
You can get rocked like Chrisean
How you hating and broke, no fixing 'em
Riding dick like these rappers are Sybians
Try to press 'em, they lost like Gilligan
I got Jay for my Bey
'Bout the money call me Mr. Slate
Weirdo rap, I'm the numero ace
Put together like Danity Kane
Fuck your feelings, I'm stuck in my ways
Local niggas be stuck in they place
They don't say none of that shit to my face
'Cause they know I take shots like Klay
I wanna rock right now
Hittin' whippets and eating halal
Get to clippin' while whippin' these sounds
You get hit, you gon' sing like Bilal, uh
Back it up
If I see that bitch, I'm actin' up
'Cause something right here ain't adding up
Smack it up
100, ain't no wack in us

[Danny Brown:]
Push it to the maximum
I do what I want to
So it ain't no asking them
Mashing 'em, knocking 'em out park
The way we smackin' 'em, immaculate
If I'm in area, that's hazardous
Way out there, I'm too far gone
Leave me alone, let me in my zone
Just fall back, I'ma put you on
Lost out here, can't find no home
Going up, so tap in
I'ma bout to take you for a spin
So buckle up
Nigga we 'bout to go in
Hands on the wheel no accident
Hands on the wheel no accident
Came through kicking doors off hinges
Look at him, he so expensive
Make her hop all in my mentions
When she see it's so extensive
Set it up, I'ma knock it all down
Give me a ring, I give you rounds
Lost and found, when you hear that sound
I just wanna see you jump around
Welcome to my house of pain
Where you can get everything
Coming down like April rain
Yes, you may just say my name
Pull up on me, we outside
I'm about to take you for a ride
No one safe, so run and hide
No one safe, so run and hide
Let me tell you what I'm gon' do
Tell no lies, just tell your truth
I'm a big dog like Marmaduke
Park itself when I come through
Pull up on me, we outside
I'm about to take you for a ride
No one safe, so run and hide
No one safe, so run and hide

[Kelis:]
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard
And they're like, it's better than your-
Damn right, it's better than yours
I can teach you, but I have to charge
My milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Teach you, it's better than
Teach you, but I have to charge
My milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Teach you, it's better than
Teach you-
Milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Teach you, it's better than
Teach you, but I have to
My milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Milkshake, milkshake, milkshake, milkshake
Teach you, it's better than
Teach you, but I have to
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard
And they're like, it's better than yours
Damn right, it's better than yours
I can teach you, but I have to charge
I know you want it, want it, want it, want it

// Burfict! //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
(You think you know-)

[Danny Brown:]
Like NASCAR (Check)
Nigga, your back not golden (Style)
But you better get your mind right 'fore I leave that shit all over that windshield (Uh huh)
I'm weed wack, I'm stand up (Uh huh)
While I fuck, Plan B on it
It's a wonder I ain't got a lot of kids 'cause I just pulled up and sprayed all in it (Go)
Okay, okay (Uh huh)
I see what you're doing (Style)
I done came up in the ruins
Now it's that prop, it's ah's and ooh'ing (Style)
[?]
Hey, hey, hey, hey, (Hey, hey)
Going down like mayday (Yeah)
Imma make a "U" when I do
She do what I say, you would think I knew voodoo (Step)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Ayy, ayy)
It's hard like Sudoku, uh
So I put it in her goo chute
Neck [?] jail fuck the whole crew (Style)
Get the real truth
Fuck 'em wit' they loose screws
I'mma just shoot then yell out too-da-loo
You was sellin' your crypto
Then I'll send your ass up to the moon
Acting like I know who he is, and I'm looking like "Who are you?" (Style)
It's Peggy and Danny
Everybody know us in the cobra clutch (Yah)
Got the game on a crutch (Yah)
And these niggas-
Gotta put on like we super villains and we done just cliqued up

And you know I don't know any other name tonight under the heavens

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Walk in this bitch wit' a wock (A Wock)
Fuck what you heard, yeah I'm toxic (I am)
Rappers be calling the cops (They do)
Civilians thinking we opps (Fuck)
Bitch the shit that I flash, ain't a Glock (No)
All my exes been turning to opps
Gimme dat nasty
Gimme dat rude
Gimme dat barber, kick out the truth
I feel like Trump when I step in the booth (Yeah)
Drippin' like Rudy, you know how I do
Stick for the mooliani's (Clack, clack)
Now we playing zombies
Choppas like NATO
That shit come in [cases?], cover his face that bitch Mach-Hommy

Gimme dat Rogan
Gimme dat woo!
Hit it like H-Town, knockin' them boots
Dirty 30 and my dick now the truth
Frank Lucas got my bitch feeling blue (Straight)
Crack in booth
Feeling like Steve will stop me, not you
Couldn't shop at the store and I had EBT too
And I was thinkin' 'bout god and what that money do
Nigga, I do this for fun
They hide behind money like T.T.S. Duns (Ah)
I heard niggas wanna attack my show
Bitch, do I look like Olivia Munn?

[Danny Brown:]
Okay, okay (Uh huh)
I see what you're doing (Style)
I done came up in the ruins
Now it's that prop, it's ah's and ooh'ing (Style)
[?]
Hey, hey, hey, hey, (Hey, hey)
Going down like mayday (Yeah)
Imma make a "U" when I do
She do what I say, you would think I knew voodoo, baby (Step)
Yeah

// Shut Yo Bitch Ass Up / Muddy Waters //

[Shut Yo Bitch Ass Up]

Shut the fuck up
I'm talkin to—

[Danny Brown:]
I don't rap circles round niggas, I do figure eights
Rent free in nigga's heads, shook real estate
[?] razor blade hit the dinner plate
Same story Shut the fum
Lights, camera, action, close the slate
When tables turn, I'm making records break
Bumpin' to the DJ, I make his needle skip the plate
Record break it, check, check, check it (Why you still talkin' to me? Shut the fuck up)
You satire, can't fire some Al Kaida
I'm like a—, [?] lighter in Rikers
You vampires, always bitin' and suckin' shit
It's nothin', no discussion, good [?] on my momma, I was broke
(I hear you sick motherfucker talking)
Like a promise from a fat bitch that had no more McDonald's
I come from when the work was honest
It was either gettin' shot at or gettin' [?] ([?])

I just hit the bottle to drown out the chatter
All these voices in my head had my brain all scattered
How I got more ill, when I stop poppin' them pills
Now I'm slangin' propane like I'm King of the Hill
Man, it's over for that lame shit, the ending is near
Is you finished? Are you d-
Your just sayin' a bunch a nothin'
Like you speakin' in tongues
Showed up uninvited, they don't want me to come
Feel like daddy home, they all my sons

[Muddy Waters]

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Uh, forgive me father for slayin', slinkin' through muddy waters
Forgive they daughters, they barkin' at me, I'm raw doggin'
These drug addicts attached to me like I'm Tom Holland
Swing on these actors, these rappers faker than Andy Kaufman
Truman Show up with the truth and get shoveled in a coffin
I shit you not, feel like Shia LaBeouf in all these problems
You smack your bitch up like Prodigy when you [?]
I smack my bitch ass to Prodigy when we raw doggin'

Uh, it's Black AOC, no matter what they try to say they can't KO me
Yo bitch got me off the molly and them BCDs
She said baby just let me ride like D-R-E
How the fuck you thirty plus and postin' on KTT
I made real fuckin' Gs like EZE
I wish these nerds would come outside so they can 343
And post they wanna-be Black ass on Say Cheese TV

Forgive me father for slayin', slinkin' through muddy waters
Forgive they daughters, they barkin' at me, I'm raw doggin'
These drug addicts attached to me like I'm Tom Holland
Swing on these actors, these rappers faker than Andy Kaufman
Truman Show up with the truth and get shoveled in a coffin
I shit you not, feel like Shia LaBeouf in all these problems
You smack your bitch up like Prodigy when you [?]
I smack my bitch ass to Prodigy when we raw doggin'

// Orange Juice Jones //

You think you know me
Hundred times before, where I go

[Danny Brown:]
She just touched my side, all up on my body
I be like "There she glide," oh, told everybody
I can't feel my face off these narcotics
I took her to space on autopilot
I been runnin' all night, all night stayin' up, I'm geek'd up
She keep lookin' at me, okay, let me see them D cups
She wanna roll with a real one, nigga why you actin' too tough?

Betta get out your killer, boy pullin' over hot sluts
Ride that thing like a rodeo
Off that Casamigos, got her taco drippin' on the floor
If them is your people tell them chill before we off them, ho
Off that Britney Spears, got me dancing like I lost control
I just popped me a double, I might be in trouble
I'm looking like Space Jam, damn
All of these colors, I don't see ya, I need some Ray-Bans (Damn)
I'd a been drinkin' all day, okay, okay, now I can't stand up
Got that shit in my face, okay, okay, but I can't get jammed up
We all gettin' money, rain, sleet, snow, or when it's sunny, uh
We all gettin' money, rain, sleet, snow, or when it's sunny, uh

She just touched my side, all up on my body
I be like "There she glide," oh, told everybody
I can't feel my face off these narcotics
I took her to space on autopilot
I been runnin' all night, all night stayin' up, I'm geek'd up
She keep lookin' at me, okay, let me see them D cups
She wanna roll with a real one, nigga why you actin' too—

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Alright man, okay
Dangerous, swang with us, sang with us
Them niggas can't hang with us
My bitch gettin' lit, she twerkin' off angel dust
Been tangled up, that enabled us to put your girl in the camel clutch
So don't play with us, don't aim at us
You ain't the same as us
I'm bumpin' BZDs (Word)
They puttin' out APBs
Your girl in that backseat gettin' hard guap, like CBGs
I'm underground like a young Bun B
Pyrex living, I'm a nigga you could lean
I'm the Black Marjorie Taylor Greene
Deep throat a nigga now she sound like (Woosh)
Lick her down, now she's gettin' all clean
It's crazy
Your parents lied, you ain't special, you weak
You had your guys and you still got the beats
I'd Budd Dwyer before they do that to me
I'm just a different nig- (Chopper)
Kendrick sighs, and is spittin' like he is overtime and I'm still takin' threes
I see the lies and I hope y'all believe it
Confront me and I'll get sub machine gun
Right after takin' a shit, wait

// Kingdom Hearts Key //

(You think you know me)

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Just one time, bitch think
All that money you flushed in a blink (In a blink)
Shorter trigger gon' give me away
You got money? You don't got a thing

I was chillin' one time, bitch, bang
Left the app now I get what you mazed
Feel like Ezra when I'm on the scene
All these felonies, they'll never see
Got my cup like I'm Argentinian
Like the sickness to stay off my screens
I'm addicted to hatin' on me
Don't know what it takes, do not give a shit (Ahh!)

Just one time, bitch think (Think)
All that money you flushed in a blink (In a blink)
Shorter trigger gon' give me away
You got money? You don't got a thing

All these crackers? Soft as a mink
Hunter Biden, stay out my sink
Ketamine got me singin' like Tink
Ingested the pill I feel like I'm—

Just one time, bitch think (Think)
All that money you flushed in a blink (In a blink)
Shorter trigger gon' give me away
You got money? You don't got a thing

Ah, ah, ah, ah, uh
One, one, uh

Look where my hairline has came
Left and the right is the same
You bitches should form it like Danity Kane
People scared of putting work
You won't take an L, so you take a name
I'm playin' up by the rim
I brought a gun to the game
I'm livin' life with no rules
You try to play foul, I'm shootin' the train
This year I tripled my cars
I featured with ... I [?] his name (Uh)
I'm livin' life in the flash
You copy the call, you answer my name
Industry thinking I'm needing them, all that I need is a [?]
K.O

[Danny Brown:]
Make what you do look easy
Can't see me, they all get queasy
Movin' on up up like George and Weezy
Take us all back y'all really don't need me
Cap it on me but that is the lower case
No we not lookin' out, we do not correlate
They cannot breathe, I make 'em all suffocate
Fuck all that shit, don't care what they say
Ay, ay, ay, ay (ay, ay)
Big tag on me like I'm juggin' out the county
Ay, ay, ay, ay (ay, ay)
They play Iron Man like Robert Downey
Better watch her, she all on me
Got love in the middle, I am on me
You don't know boo bitch? You get corny
Ain't no way a bitch get shit from me
Who you think you is?
You better go and get a [?]
Better get a new idea 'cause fuckin' with me, consequences forever

[redveil:]
This is the only one
This is the only one

We got next hoe, clear the front
Been throwin' my elbow in this shit
They got me like velcro, what I needs a cellphone
I'ma do what I want
You been on Melrose full of lawyers, spare home at the end of the month
Try get the bread home, man I'm tryna get the bread home
With my brother's, they stunt (Dah, dah)
K on the side, why it smell like (Beef)
Pull in the Glock, get up out the (Mix)
Fuck out my hair, you don't know (Shit)
You ain't in no trench, that's what you (Is)
Bitch on my lifeline
Ain't gon wait for the right time, just to get up and sprint
He on his fright mind, he go, shit!

Party's over grandpa

// God Loves You //

Lift me up, turn me around now
Turn me around, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground (Da-Damn, Peggy, what? Hahahaha)
Off solid ground, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground
Turn me around, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground
Off solid ground

[Danny Brown:]
Check
That pussy on my face, I'ma talk the tongue
Blanks in the air, scream hallelujah
Make her squirt that Holy Water
Drinkin' down wine but no communion
Only my dick she is consumin'
On her knees, said, "Oh my God"
Pull the camera out, let's make a movie
Pussy wet like Noah's Ark
Go ahead, girl, just bless me
If you on your period, call me Moses
'Cause I'm about to split that red sea
Gimme that head like you're breakin' bread
I'm about to fuck you like the Twelve Disciples
Hold my balls like [?] to the cross
[?] but I know y'all like that
Hurt with my dick like David and Goliath
[?] your tongue lookin' at me like a slingshot
Might hear a cock on a mountaintop
Drop, drop, then again, it don't stop
We like Adam and Eve but I'ma eat that apple bottom
Snake in the grass, go shake that ass
Like Keith Sweat, I'ma make it last
Wanna eat that pussy, I broke my fast, hahahaha

[JPEGMAFIA & Ski Mask the Slump God:]
Uh
Now how many times I gotta tell you, when I get to that money, better shake that ass? (Great)
Now how many times I gotta tell you, when I get to that money, they come back fast?
Now how many times I gotta tell you, when I get to that money, better shake that shit?
Now many times, when I lace you with how many rhymes?
When I tell you that somethin' is deep, and you come back and tell me it's fine?
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it
How many times I gotta tell you, when I get to that money, better shake that ass?
Water that pussy like baptist
To find my sauce, need an at—

Lift me up, turn me around now
Turn me around, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground
Off solid ground, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground
Turn me around, lift my feet, yeah
Lift my feet, off solid ground

// Run The Jewels //

(You think you know me)

[JPEGMAFIA:]
I feel like
I feel like boom (Fuck)
Two in the ride
Angry, short, willing to die (Willing to die)
Most my haters is scared won't come outside, it's making me cry (Facts)
Rappers step up get shit on like they in Dubai, ain't telling no lies (What's up)
Your pride can't fit in this ride
I don't give fuck who you niggas don't like
Most y'all sorry-ass niggas won't be like Mike, y'all be in hives
Made beats with Tribe, y'all type beats is—
Walk it off, just beat the charge, I ain't lost a call
When your boys get to singing like Aaron Hall
Just remember I always hold down my dawgs

[Danny Brown:]
(Check) Legendary, I done switched the style already
They all are scary
You can't hit my line, try the secretary
I'm fresh to death, sort of like my gear
Just came out the mortuary (Style)
Forced to carry, cannot catch me slippin', you bitch niggas all get buried
Mark McNairy sandals, dairy colored, hard to handle (Ha-ha)
Trample over competition (Uh)
They can't hold a candle (Nah)
Make examples out anyone in this bitch that really wanna fuck with Daniel
Hall of fame from stolen base
Bitch, I'm Mickey Mantle
Go!

// Jack Harlow Combo Meal //

[Danny Brown:]
Check
I done bossed up when I big bossed on that hoe like, "Sayonara" (Style)
Got big pockets like a fat man
Nigga, you won't see tomorrow
One phone call, your family's sorrow (Go)
Just be a whole bunch pyro
Shootin' on niggas like Jannero Pargo (Doot, doot, doot, doot)
Hold up, watch out (Watch out)
Nigga, I'm about to go nuts (Go nuts)
Hoe, you say what? (Say what?)
Nigga better keep it on the hush
I'm out my mind, I don't care 'bout this plan (Style)
Rip it off, then I'm somewhere in a trance (Style)
Now I'm bettin' y'all niggas can't handle me
Now I'm bettin' y'all niggas can't stand me
Hold up, calm down (Calm down)
Nigga, just take a deep breath (Breath)
Told you, watch out (Watch out)
Better not take another step (Uh-uh)
When I won, niggas ain't fuckin' with me (Nah)
I been a flex, nigga, somethin' to see (Yeah)
I make it hard for you niggas to breathe (Uh)
Never be another motherfucker like me (No)
Actin' so grand, and, everything I wear is bandage
'Bout to run up on you, take your spot and take your business
Man, I can't fuck with y'all niggas, y'all lame, Jack Harlow sell y'all chicken

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Uh, this that irregular wave
I'm smokin' somethin' unusual, but to me it's just regular haze
They comin' to clean up my cuticles
Tired of smokin' these regular strains
You get used these crackers accusin' you
When you black, it's a regular thing
Uh, girl, it's been minutes, it's been hours
And it's been days, bitch
I pray for you, always, it's so tragic, babe
Uh, yeah, yeah, your path is lookin' like shit (Like shit)
Your bag is lookin' like shit (Like shit)
That ass is lookin' like shit (Like shit)
Almost thirty, don't know who you is, bitch, work it out
You ain't even on shift, mm, look (Everything about JPEGs, I like)
Back in this bitch like [?], shoulder leanin' like I'm Joe
All of that royalty, power, that fame and respect
It can't change the fact that you a hoe
Barkin' like Uzi, keep thinkin' you Boosie
When you could end up goin' out like the crow
Niggas want action, I'm not into actin'
Put you on the screen like I'm Christopher Nol'

// HOE (Heaven On Earth) //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
Yeah, my bitch, she's so perfect and bad
And I love when she's shakin' that ass
Go ahead girl, put that guap in the bag
These niggas is trash, they be ass
This Kimber a freak, you get flashed
Why do these nobodies start with me?
They don't got moves, don't got beats, don't got heart like me
It's for real, bustin' drums when I'm packin' the steel
Fishy niggas fuck with her, get grilled, she shaking it up
She touchin' my leg, I know she wanna fuck (Fuck this club up)
Dicking her down 'til she feel like it's us, make me feel like a slut
You know that there ain't no heart in me
Die for my bitch, treat that ho like a part of me, uh
I'm not a bachelorette, I'm not a suitor
Bitch, where the cash at? I'm a computer
I feel like AB give Gisele the whole ruler
Keep one eye open like Slick Rick The Ruler
Got one in the head, headin' straight for medullas
Triggerin' nobodies, livin' rent free
Bot niggas livin' vicariously
Through niggas that don't know they exist
If I was them, I'd be pissed
They ride dick for free and they can't pay they rent
I spit on your bitch at the show, let me vent
She came back to you from a show, let him vent
Racks, I'ma get time like tax
'Cause baby got back, I'm just tryin' to relax

[Danny Brown:]
I was taught, bring it back in, let it off
My dawg caught a charge with the fentanyl
Now we pray up to above
Hopin' in court that the judge show him love
Only in church when somebody passed
No hope for the future, we stuck in the past
Now we ante up on the bag, we makin' a killin', how long will that last?
Fell on my knees when I caught a felony
Tell me who there for me
Think I need therapy, sent God a text but his message turn green
Show me a sign, what do it mean?
Walkin' in circles, these niggas is Urkel
I'm on my Stephon
Nigga, what is you on?
Pop up my collar, just like The Fonz
Heaven on earth but I'm hellbound
Shake it, took ya momma nine months to make it, don't break it
No fake shit, have ya leanin' back like the matrix
Ay bitch, fuckin' with a nigga that's god-tier
Trust me, you ain't got an idea
Make ya move 'round like IKEA (Shoot)

I've named this one JPEG
Lord made heaven on Earth
The Lord made heaven on Earth
Lord who made heaven on Earth
The Lord made heaven on Earth
The Lord who made heaven on Earth
The Lord who made heaven on Earth
He will not slumber
He that keepeth thee
He will not slumber
He that keepeth thee
Behold he that keepeth Israel
Shall neither slumber nor sleep
Shall neither slumber nor sleep
The Lord—

// Where Ya Get Ya Coke From? //

[JPEGMAFIA:]
(I've named this one JPEG)
OK, my bitch, she bad
She got me out my zone
I make her shake that ass
This house is not a home
I double fist the cash
Don't need no payday loan
They be like "Bitch, who that?"
I got top on the phone
.45 in the flow seat
And if you know, then you know, you don't know me
I'm waiting for my opps to come, they better show me
And I talk how I talk, bitch blow me, woo!
Fuck you talking about
Oh, let's go
Get money nigga
The bands

I need my money made in a Harley
And we don't click with all this pasting and you copies
That bitch let everybody in, she like the army
Off top on your bitch like Darby
I fuck your bitch, you fuck my bitch, that's an assist
.45 is sick, I take my shots and I'm like kiss
And the choppa young as Matt Gaetz b-
You think you crazy, well buddy, go enlist!
Fuck!
Let's go
Get money nigga
The bands

[Danny Brown:]
I'm a failed chemistry experiment
Take some acid, playing Jimi, Are You Experienced?
Where's the fun Clarence? I make my appearance
Show up incoherent, nigga's know I'm a degenerate
Wake up every morning, night before, I don't remember it
Thick bitch, don't know her name but I won't get into it
Hundred on the night stand 'cause I'm so generous
(Bruiser Brigade!)
Check!
Oh well, what you make in a year spent those smoking [?] at hotels
Don't even know the last time I cut my own toenails
Sipping on that Henny, I can tell you how [?] smells
Write like a chisel in them cave walls
A thousand years later, they can break a voicemail
When death calls, won't answer to no one
Came up in this bitch by myself with no gun
Everybody askin' me "Where you get your coke from?"
Underground like archaeologist
Should be in the psych ward for what I do with vocal chords
Call that bitch a totem pole
My face be all up on the board
[?]
People saying that I'm shallow, but I'm jumping off the deep end
'Bout to flip the script, I ain't even read the treatment
Like terms of services, they all in agreement
Used to work the block and I ain't never filed a grievance
Talk to me soft like you can keep a secret
Lower down your voice 'cause there's a high chance of leakage
Know some rappers talking but, I could never speak it
Was told to keep my mouth closed and just mind my business
Malicious intent, I made that rent
Sketched out by any car that drove by with tints
Go!

