Album: BecauseTheInternet

// The Crawl //

[Hook: Kai]
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone

[Verse 1:]
Who am I?
Rec League, I ain't paying to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah, what you saying to it?
Old money look, no money don't do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her boooty) What's the rationale?
They wanna smoke niggas when they Black & Mild
So we acting out (Okay, cool)

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
(Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue-faced on a Tuesday)
Can I have some? #NiggasBeLike
Put a +18 on a e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
June/July, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut niggas, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like it's 2 Chainz
Blue blood like he both gangs

[Hook]

// WorldStar //

[Verse 1:]
Blow up
World Star befo' rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince they about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say "Moshi moshi" (Moshi moshi)
Girlfriend actin' all wishy-washy (wishy-washy)
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid (Daddy, I love him!)
That's a first date, nobody think about it, worst case
Best case, we the front page, 10K on the first day
Yeah, mothafucka, take your phone out
To record this, ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals, tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy, when I hear that action, I'm a be Scorsese
My nigga hold it horizontal man, be professional (Worldstar!)

[Verse 2:]
My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine, thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp, where they fight cops 'til they stop
When I heard shots, watching dude drop from a Glock at a [Shots fired]
Let me flash on 'em, we all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around, money talking, you know the sound
Brrrr, money counter, brrrr, AK, brrrr, cell phone, brrrr, hello?

[Interlude - Steve G. Lover:]
Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man. This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man, he got like, he got like hit on the side of the head, man, he's like freakin' out. Like, it's like... [inaudible]

[Outro:]
We don't wanna be on (Worldstar!)
And all I wanna be is a (Worldstar!)

// The Worst Guys //

[Hook - Childish Gambino & Chance the Rapper:]
All she needed was some... (x16)

[Verse 1 - Childish Gambino:]
At a Clippers game on the courtside
Watch a nigga shoot like a four-five
They mad at me too, I got more fire
When these bitches see you "Go home, Roger" (Go home, Roger)
Tia and Tamara in my bed, I'm a smart guy
I ain't fucking with you niggas like apartheid
Hits on my list, check my archive
I'm something so immaculate, instead of asking what's happening
Rather blast a Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura
Acting blacker than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?
Where are they from? We were playing Playstation
Why you standing there, say some, girl, say some
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 2 - Childish Gambino:]
Bought a new bath, 8K, nigga
Wanna take shots? AK, nigga
When I ball, I'm-a ball King James, nigga
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change, nigga
And I'm out of this world like Tang, nigga
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub
Ice cream paint job in the garage
I had a menage, and murdered the vag'
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the Uber from her place
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper
Listening to the neighbors...

[Hook]

[Outro]
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God
Our neighbors, all alone, no no no no

// Shadows //

[Hook:]
Ohhh no no no no
(She said) no no no no
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no

[Verse 1:]
Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember), Shot's fired, rewind, please girl be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before we go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
So Aunt May, the Mary Jane that I was hitting on
We were trying to forget there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Put my hand in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'm a get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang, but homie, on the low
But your boy sound weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though [x2]

[Hook:]
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you [x2]
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no

[Bridge:]
I hope you understand, I hope you understand
I hope you understand now
When that beat drop
Oh no no no
(I hope you understand) I hope you understand
Cause everywhere I go
Everything I see
I just hope you understand

Won't let me call in the back
Why is he calling me black?
Why ain't you calling me back? [x5]

// Telegraph //

"Power 106!
LA, it's ya girl, Yesi Ortiz
Got some brand-new music
I need y'all to turn it up and let me know what you think
It's Lloyd, called "Oakland", on Power 106."

I was making Japanese
And she's watching DVDs
In Oakland, in Oakland
Now I'm driving up the 5
And she waits till I arrive
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I wanted
Only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it
For the moment, but you know me
You know how I get when I'm lonely
And I think about you and the moment
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland

Foot on the gas
I'm just trying to pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
Before I get to The Bay
Babe, that's a problem
Because I'm way too scared to call
And you might get me to stay, and oh

I don't really mind the drive
But I think I'd rather die
In Oakland, in Oakland
With my hands on two and ten
So I guess it all depends
On Oakland, on Oakland
And I'm nervous, truth be told
I never saw me growing old
In Oakland, in Oakland
And if I married you tonight
It would probably start a riot
In Oakland, in Oakland

Everything, that I needed
Now that I got you in your feelings
Everything you won't say, you tweet it
And a nigga don't like that shit at all
So treated
Can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute?
Wait a minute

Foot on the gas
I'm just tryna pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
But I'm really not ready girl
That's a problem
'Cause I'm way too scared to fall
And I know you choose to stay, and oh

All the girlfriends saying "here we go again"
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman
Last one didn't end like it should've been
Two dates and he still wanna get it in
And they're saying it's because of the Internet
Try her once and it's on to the next chick
X-O the O face on your exes...right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have at it
When your thoughts can't breathe and you're thinking asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at it
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it
'Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try
So let's try

Whoa
I took off my nine to five
But you still don't have the time to kiss me (just hit me)
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone
It's iffy, you miss me
I got furniture to move, and we'll both be thirty soon
In Oakland, in Oakland
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?
In Oakland, in Oakland [8x]

// Sweatpants //

[Verse 1 - Childish Gambino:]
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chillin', real nigga feeling
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she chalky knees
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)

[Bridge - Childish Gambino:]
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' [x3]
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain

[Hook - Problem:]
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you [x3]
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?

[Verse 2 - Childish Gambino:]
Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care.
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho)
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker "vroom, vroom, " ho
Ain't nobody
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up, just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay)
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (tailormade)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name

[Hook]

