Album: JT

// Your Smiling Face //

Whenever I see your smiling face, I have to smile myself because I love you, yes, I do.
And when you give me that pretty little pout, it turns me inside out.
There's something about you, baby, I don't know.

Isn't it amazing a man like me can feel this way,
tell me how much longer, it could grow stronger every day. Oh, how much longer?

I thought I was in love a couple of times before with the girl next door,
but that was long before I met you, now I'm sure that I won't forget you.
And I thank my lucky stars that you are who you are,
and not just another lovely lady set out to break my heart.

Isn't it amazing a man like me can feel this way,
tell me how much longer, it could grow stronger every day.

No one can tell me that I'm doing wrong today, whenever I see you smile at me.
No one can tell me that I'm doing wrong today whenever I see your smiling face my way.
No one can tell me that I'm doing it wrong today.
No one can tell me that I'm doing it wrong today.

// There We Are //

Listen to me and I'll sing you a song
and the time will go by till you never know where it's gone.
Talk to me and I'll tell you my life story.
Walk with me and I'll tell you my dreams of glory.
There we are walking hand in hand, somewhere on the sand
at the end of the land and the edge of the shining sea.

Drifting through time and space on the face of a little blue ball falling around the sun.
One in a million, billion twinkling lights shining out for no one in the middle of the night.
Here we are, sparks in the darkness, speaking of our love
burning down forever and forever.

Oh, I don't know if I told you, but you hold my heart in your hand.
And I found out something about you, baby, without you. I'm a lonely man.

So though I never say that I love you, I love you, darling I do, Carly, I do love you.
And though we are as nothing to the stars that shine above,
you are my universe, you are my love.
Here we are, like children forever, taking care of one another
while the world goes on without us, all around us.

// Honey Don't Leave L.A. //

That limousine in which you made the scene suits you to a 'T'
if all you want to be is somebody that don't never walk.
That big chateau where you wanna go in the south of France,
gonna end our big romance. Don't you do it.

Honey, don't leave L. A., that Riviera is so far away.
Begging you s'il vous plait, they don't know nothing down in St. Tropez.
Baby don't leave L. A.

I heard it said that you had it made with you movie star, but, oh, how right you are.
If that's really 'bout the best you can do,
you moved my soul so I played the role of your back door man.
Yes and now I can't really complain cause I love you.

Honey, don't leave L. A., that Riviera is so far away.
Begging you sil vous plait, they don't know nothing down in St. Tropez.
Baby don't leave L. A.

// Another Grey Morning //

When I feel as though my love is sinking down, the sun doesn't want to shine.
When it feels like she won't face another day, life is unkind, she's frozen in time.
And here comes another grey morning. A not so good morning after all.
She says "well, what am I to do today with too much time and so much sorrow."

She hears the baby waking up downstairs.
She hears the foghorn calling out across the sound.
Repetition in the morning air is just too much to bear, and no one seems to care.
If another day goes creeping by empty and ashamed,
like an old unwanted memory that no one will claim.
The clouds with their heads on the ground, she's gonna have to come down.

She said "move me, move me, I'm locked up inside."
Well, I didn't understand her though God knows I tried.
She said "make me angry but just make me cry.
But no more grey morning, I think I'd rather die."

// Bartender's Blues //

Now I'm just a bartender, and I don't like my work, but I don't mind the money at all.
I see lots of sad faces and lots of bad cases of folks with their backs to the wall.
But I need four walls around me to hold my life, to keep me from going astray,
and a honky-tonk angel to hold me tight to keep me from slipping away.

I can light up your smokes, I can laugh at your jokes,
I can watch you fall down on your knees.
I can close down this bar, I can gas up my car, I can pack up and mail in my key.
But I need four walls around me to hold my life, to keep me from going astray,
and a honky-tonk angel to hold me tight to keep me from slipping away.

Now, the smoke fills the air in this honky-tonk bar
and I'm thinking 'bout where I'd rather be.
But I burned all my bridges, I sank all my ships and I'm stranded at the edge of the sea.
But I need four walls around me to hold my life, to keep me from going astray,
and a honky-tonk angel to hold me tight to keep me from slipping away.

// Secret O' Life //

The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.
Any fool can do it, there ain't nothing to it.
Nobody knows how we got to the top of the hill.
But since we're on our way down, we might as well enjoy the ride.

The secret of love is in opening up your heart.
It's okay to feel afraid, but don't let that stand in your way.
Cause anyone knows that love is the only road.
And since we're only here for a while, might as well show some style. Give us a smile.

Isn't it a lovely ride? Sliding down, gliding down,
try not to try too hard, it's just a lovely ride.

Now the thing about time is that time isn't really real.
It's just your point of view, how does it feel for you?
Einstein said he could never understand it all.
Planets spinning through space, the smile upon your face, welcome to the human race.

Some kind of lovely ride. I'll be sliding down, I'll be gliding down.
Try not to try too hard, it's just a lovely ride.
Isn't it a lovely ride? Sliding down, gliding down,
try not to try too hard, it's just a lovely ride.
The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.

// Handy Man //

Hey girls, gather round, listen to what I'm putting down
Hey baby, I'm your handy man
I'm not the kind to use a pencil or rule, I'm handy with love and I'm no fool
I fix broken hearts, I know that I truly can

If your broken heart should need repair, then I am the man to see
I whisper sweet things, you tell all your friends, they'll come running to me

Here is the main thing that I want to say, I'm busy 24 hours a day
I fix broken hearts, I know that I truly can
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com, yeah, yeah, yeah
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com, oh they'll come running to me

Here is the main thing I want to say, I'm busy 24 hours a day
I fix broken hearts, baby
I'm your handy man
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com, yeah, yeah, yeah
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com, yeah, yeah, yeah
That's me
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com
I'm your handy man, yeah yeah, yeah
That's me
Comma, comma, comma, comma, com, com
I'm your handy man, yeah yeah, yeah

// I Was Only Telling A Lie //

Got the one room suite in the downtown motel, got a lovely view.
Classic shot of the parking lot, an off ramp of route 72.
Half flat six pack of lukewarm beer, so lay down by my side.
Like to whisper sweet nothings in my filthy ear till I'm satisfied.

Baby-bootie, juicy-fruity, truck-stop cutie, roadside-beauty,
I'm in love with you. Hope it don't last too long.

You got the mackerel eyes, brought the side of fries.
You got me hypnotized, I'm in love again.
Now baby when I told you that I love you, I was only telling a lie.
I'll be long gone come the crack of dawn and I believe the word is
good-bye, bye baby, bye, bye.

I was only telling a lie, there ain't no need to act like I shot your dog, no.
I was only telling a lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.

// Looking For Love On Broadway //

Need a reason to be here, hoping to find it tonight.
Walking alone on Broadway, watching the people, watching the town go down.
Broadway's a river to me, fat fish in the big city sea, taxi cabs, limousines, submarines.

Got my mind on a sweet dream, keeping an eye on this street scene.
Cause I'm open for love in the middle of town tonight.
Had my fill of self-pity, I brought all my blues to the city.
Guess I'm pressing my luck in the middle of town tonight.
See me waiting on you to smile back on me, child.

It looks like tomorrow, it seems like the end of a dream.
Dawning on me on Broadway in the morning light, it's a dream.
And I'm just a fool looking for love on Broadway.

// Terra Nova //

Oh, end this day, show me the ocean. When shall I see the sea?
May this day set me in emotion, I ought to be on my way.

We were there, we were sailing on the Terra Nova.
Sailing for the setting sun, sailing for the new horizon.
May this day show me an ocean, I ought to be on my way.

Ought to be on my way right now.
Stepping on the boat with a lump in my throat, on my way right now.

I got a letter from a dear friend of mine, the story of a spiritual awakening.
She spoke of her love returning in kind, she let me know that she'd be waiting.
And I should be on my way by now.
Walking across the floor, reaching for the door, on my way by now.

But here I sit, country fool that I am, my elbow on my knee and my chin in my hand.
My mind in the gutter and my eye on the street, holed up in a cave of concrete.
And I ought to be on my way right now.
Packing my things while the telephone rings, on my way right now.

I miss my lovely mother and I love my lonely father.
I know I owe my brothers one thing and another, I hear my sister singing.
And I ought to be on my way right now.
Moving across the land with my heart in my hand, on my way by now,
Ought to be on my way by now.

Oh, end this day, set me in motion. Ought to be on my way.

Out to the west of Lambert's Cove, there's a sail out in the sun.
And I'm on board though very small, I've come home to stop yearning.
Burn off the haze around the shore, turn off the crazy way I feel.
I'll stay away from you no more, I've come home to stop yearning.

// Traffic Jam //

Damn this traffic jam, how I hate to be late, it hurts my motor to go so slow.
Damn this traffic jam, time I get home my supper'll be cold, damn this traffic jam.

Well I left my job about 5 o'clock, it took fifteen minutes go three blocks,
Just in time to stand in line with a freeway looking like a parking lot.
Damn this traffic jam, how I hate to be late, it hurts my motor to go so slow.
Damn this traffic jam, time I get home my supper'll be cold, damn this traffic jam.

Now I almost had a heart attack, looking in my rear view mirror,
I saw myself the next car back, looking in the rear view mirror,
about to have a heart attack, I said,
damn this traffic jam, how I hate to be late, it hurts my motor to go so slow.
Damn this traffic jam, time I get home my supper'll be cold, damn this traffic jam.

Now when I die I don't want no coffin, I thought about it all too often.
Just strap me in behind the wheel and bury me with my automobile.
Damn this traffic jam, how I hate to be late, it hurts my motor to go so slow.
Damn this traffic jam, time I get home my supper'll be cold, damn this traffic jam. Damn.

Now I used to think that I was cool running around on fossil fuel,
Until I saw what I was doing was driving down the road to ruin.

// If I Keep My Heart Out Of Sight //

If I keep on talking now, I'll only start repeating myself and all I can say is
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you.
If I slip and tip my hand, I'm certain to scare you away, then what would I say?
I'd be hurting, I'm certain, I'd be uncool to let you know that you're the one,
the fool who jumped the gun.

Cause I've been advised by other guys you've left behind,
your good byes are somewhat unrefined.
But if I play my role just right, tonight could be my lucky night and you could be mine.
If I present it to you with a flower in the moonlight, shiny and new,
well, you couldn't say no tonight, if I keep my heart out of sight.

If I play my role just right, tonight could be my lucky night and you could be mine.
If I present it to you with a flower in the moonlight, shiny and new,
well, you couldn't say no tonight, if I keep my heart out of sight.

