Album: OneManDog

// One Man Parade //

Do believe I'm gonna clap my hands, think I might tap my feet.
Put together a one-man band, take a walk on down the street.
Have a one-man parade, nobody needs to know.
Cause I'm right good of holding on to secrets and don't believe they show.

All I want is a little dog to be walking at my right hand.
Taking a breeze just as free as you please, maybe checking out occasional garbage cans.
Talking bout a one dog, y'all, nobody's friend but mine.
Hey now, you can say he's looking kind of funky, but I do believe he suits me just fine.

We were on the road again, I was wondering what to do,
but Honalei, it was pouring down rain, baby she had the low down blues.

Hey now, I was looking for my walking cane tying on my highway shoes.
Thinking 'bout a one man parade, y'all, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, hey.
I'm right good at holding on, holding on, holding on.

Honalei, it's raining. Honalei, sure nough, it's raining, listen here.
Honalei, it's raining, Honalei, it's raining muddy waters.

Thinking 'bout a one man parade, y'all, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, hey.
I'm right good at holding on, holding on, holding on.
La la la la la...

// Nobody But You //

Everybody knows that I'm just a Joe that likes to hang around,
talking about my problems, bringing other people down.
Well this may be so, but not long ago, I was sitting on the top of the world.
Sure is strange how things can turn themselves around.

When I'm in need of a little bit of consultation, used to call on my Uncle John.
Took a trip down to West Virginia, found him dead and gone.
And as some sort of silly little consolation, they gave me a ticket back.
What you gonna do with folks like that?

You can talk about bands of angels,
and they think you come with your soul in your hands to set their children free.
But you talk about little bit of understanding, things that happen day to day.
Some of you folks sure enough have been good to me.

You come on talking about angel bands,
and they think you come with your soul in your hands just to set their children free.
But you talk about little bit of understanding, things that happen day to day.
Someone has been good to me.

Nobody but you, nobody but you, nobody but you, nobody but you.
Nobody but you, nobody but you, nobody but you, nobody but you.
Nobody but you, say nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody but you.

// Chili Dog //

Make my bed out of Wonder Bread, spread some mustard upon my head.
I don't want no onions or sauerkraut, mamma, hold on to the bun baby, work it on out.
I'm a chilidog. I guess you guessed by now, babe.
Sure enough, I'm a chilidog, look at me, delicious.

Don't get jealous, better not up and get over zealous, watch out now y'all.
Come on now fella, pass me down the relish.

Don't read no Ann Landers, just don't feed me no Colonel Sanders,
I ain't trying to fool you's, don't bring home no Orange Julius.
Gotta have one more time, get on down again, woh, woh, chilidog, baby.
Yes indeed, I want a chilidog, yeah,
talking about stone delicious, good for you too!

// Fool For You //

My lady don't allow the life I lead, she don't abide by some of the company that I keep.
She takes occasion to criticize, and carry on. I love her so, I just can't stand it no more,
I'm a fool for you babe, don't you know,
mess around momma, I'm a fool for you momma, oo.

I should say, my baby knows that I'm crazy bout her loving.
That's all right, she takes unfair advantage now and then.
She jumps at the chance to tease me with her body.
Lord, I love that thing so, just can't stand it no more, I'm a fool for you babe,
Look around, momma, I'm a fool for you. Have a sweet thing today.

// New Tune //

It's written in the surface of her skin, there's been a baby there, given away in love.
I see it in the little lines around her eyes, across her brow.
She'll be drifting away from me now.
She'll shape all the feeling that's not quite there inside my soul.
Love has gone away now, leaving behind an empty hole.
And who am I to try to compete with the din, as the silence so easily rushes in?
I will fly away.

It was something I only dreamed of, something that I'm not quite sure of,
something that I'll never tell you about.

// Back On The Street Again //

I don't care if I got no money, I don't care if I got a dime.
All I want to do is to dance with you honey, please tell me that you have the time.
Cause I gotta get back on my feet again, gotta get back on the street again.

La, la, la, la la la la la la la la la.

I don't care if I got no fame, all I want to do is to hold your hand.
Don't care if nobody knows my name cause I just want to try the best I can, yes I do.
Gotta get back on my feet again, gotta get back on the street again.

La, la, la, la la la la la la la la la. La, la, la, la la la la la la la la la.

Well, I don't know just what the world is coming to.
And I don't know just what is going on, and momma do you?
Well, all I really know is I gotta get back on my feet again. Help me up now.

I don't care if I got no money, I don't care if I got a dime.
All I want to do is to dance with you honey, please tell me that you have the time.
Cause I gotta get back on my feet again, gotta get back on the street again.

La, la, la, la la la la la la la la la. La, la, la, la la la la la la la la la. Stand it up for me now.

// Woh, Don't You Know //

Talking bout Jumping Jim, talking bout Mud Slide Slim.
Don't you know that a fish got to swim, don't a goose got to fly high?
Little dog got to die and I'm going home.
Woh, don't you know. Woh, don't you know.

Talking bout a life on the street, gonna think about an itch in my feet.
Can't you hand me down them highway shoes?
Lord knows I'm talking 'bout the walking blues,
got the rocking pneumonia blues and I'm headed home, bye-bye.
Woh, don't you know. Woh, don't you know

Listen here now, don't you come round talking bout over yonder, listen,
bound to wake up the walking man in me and I'm bound to wandering, hey now,
talking all about spooning into bone, looking just like Sherlock Holmes.
Looking for a needle in a haystack, seeing and eating lots of fatback,
hey, talking bout a railroad track and I'm going home, bye-bye.
Woh, don't you know. Woh, don't you know.
Woh, who, don't you know. You oughta know, you oughta know, you oughta know.
You oughta know like a fish in the stream, oughta know like a leaf on the tree.
Oughta know like a boat in the sea.

// One Morning In May //

One morning, one morning, one morning in May,
I spied a young couple, they were making their way.
One was a maiden so bright and so fair and the other was a soldier and a brave volunteer.

Good morning, good morning, good morning said he,
and where are you going my pretty lady?
I'm going out a-walking on the banks of the sea
just to see the water's glide and hear the nightingale sing.

Now they had not been standing but a minute or two
when out of his knapsack a fiddle he drew
and the tune that he played made the valleys all ring,
oh hark, cried the maiden, hear the nightingale sing.

Oh maiden, fair maiden, 'tis time to give o'er.
Oh no, kind soldier, please play one tune more
for I'd rather hear your fiddle at the touch of one string
than to see the waters glide and hear the nightingale sing.

Oh soldier, kind soldier, will you marry me? Oh no, pretty maiden, that never shall be.
I've a wife down in London and children twice three,
two wives and the army's too many for me.

Well, I'll go back to London and I'll stay there for a year,
it's often that I'll think of you, my little dear.
And if ever I return it will be in the spring
just to see the waters glide and hear the nightingale sing.
To see the waters glide and hear the nightingale sing.

// Someone //

Someone- I'm searching for someone who'll be true, who'll change my life of blue
into a dream of golden rainbows, where are you?

It seems I've been searching, searching more than just one lifetime.
My heart is a magnet all for you, I'll know you when I see you.
Within my heart is carved a sculpture of your love.

Life is worth less than nothing without love. Love is the force from which all beings live.
Don't you see? It's the purpose of living to love and be loved again and again.
Where are you? My heart cries for you. My eyes long to see you. My soul is all for you.
Oh, where are you, someone?

Don't you see? It's the purpose of living to love and be loved again and again.
Where are you? My heart cries for you. My eyes long to see you. My soul is all for you.
Oh, where are you, someone?

// Hymn //

I got holy children to show me the light, singing hallelujah, brother how about you?
Yeah, we got holy scriptures here that prove us to be right,
in believing out loud what we wish to be true.

I got stoned out neighbors to take me in tow, singing close your eyes, singing open wide.
Watch the world fall away below, let the winter wind blow,
and where will we hide when it comes from inside?

Oh, hear me now, hear me now, hear me now, hear me now, hear me now, hear me now,
hear me now, listen I got sweet, sweet music inside.

Yes, a child inside me was alone in the night,
Now has come to me, love has set my soul free.
As a man and a woman stand alone in the night, here is reason to be like sun on the sea.

// Fanfare //

Someone turned the time on, another day, dead and gone,
a lifetime is slipping away, babe.
But as far as I can see, that doesn't apply to you and me.
We are high above the family tree, hidden in the deep blue sea.

Industry on parade, punch a clock nine to five. The beginning is beginning to fade away.
Ah, but look out from now on, baby, as far as the eye can see.
Unafraid to be free, shining on the silver sea, you and me, we got to be moving.

Picking up, carry on, lead you children by the hand, carry on, carry on.

Heaven knows I love you, don't you know that it's true yourself yeah yeah?
Looks like you and me baby dancing by the shining sea.

// Little David //

Little David, play on your harp, hallelu, hallelujah, little David,
play on your harp, hallelujah.
Little David, play on your harp, hallelu, hallelujah, little David,
play on your harp, hallelujah.

Hey now, I don't know for sure, but it's gets said, and I got told,
Someone said that the streets of heaven are paved with solid gold,
It must make a might good road, little David, play on your harp,
Hallelu, hallelujah, little David, play on your harp, hallelujah.

// Mescalito //

Mescalito has opened up my eyes, ahhhh. Mescalito has set my mind at ease, ahhhh.
Mescalito has opened up my eyes, set my mind at ease, ahhhhh.

// Dance //

Come on, baby, while the moon is high, kick up your heels and dance.
Don't be nervous, don't be shy and give yourself a chance. You can dance.
Kick off your shoes and lose your blues. Pick em up, Lord, put em back down
and around, and around, and around, and around.

Come on, baby, it must be fun to be dancing in the clear moonlight.
Otherwise, would everyone be out on such a cold and windy night? We can dance.
Throw yourself away, holy month of May, you can dance.

Listen to the music of the steel guitar, don't it sound good, hey now.
Nobody here tonight came to look at you, no, no.
Well I bet you five dollars that somebody starts a fire back in the woods, hey now.
Everybody here tonight came to boogie and have a good time, too

Come on, baby, while the moon is high, kick up your heels and dance.
Don't be nervous, don't be shy and give yourself a chance. You can dance.
Kick off your shoes and lose your blues. Pick em up, Lord, put em back down
and around, and around, and around, and around.

If I could lose my mind, if I could throw myself away.

// Jig //

La La La Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
da da deeeee

I love you baby
I love you baby
Lets go get drunk

