Album: LonesomeOnryAndMean

// Lonesome, On'ry And Mean //

On a Greyhound bus Lord I'm travelin' this morning
I'm goin' to Shreveport and down to New Orleans
Been travlin' these highways and doin' things my way
It's been making me lonesome on'ry and mean.

God her hair was jet black and her name was Bodine
Thought she was the queen of the Basin Street Queens
She got tired of that smoky-wine dream
She began to feel lonesome on'ry and mean.

We got together and we cashed in our sweeps
Gave onto beggar who was mumblin' through the streets
There's no escaping from his snowy white dream
On'ry and lonesome on'ry and mean.

I'm down in this valley where the wheels turn so low
At dawn I pray to the Lord of my soul
I say do Lord do right by me you know
I'm tired of being lonesome on'ry and mean...

// Freedom To Stay //

I tied my bandana took my pack from the floor
You were still sleeping as I stood at the door
Once more I was headin' to God only knows where
That's when it hit me I was already there.

I could ramble a thousand miles or more
Never find the light I've seen in your eyes before
You gave me the freedom to go on my way
But you gave me much more you gave me the freedom to stay.

Why keep on runnin' just to wish on a star
Searching for Heaven when I know where you are
Life is just empty when you're walking alone
So wherever we're going girl Lord it's good to be at home.

I could ramble a thousand miles or more
Never find the light I've seen in your eyes before
You gave me the freedom to go on my way
But you gave me much more you gave me the freedom to stay...

// Lay It Down //

Travelin' down on different roads
Tryin' hard to leave the load
Take it there but we can't let go
It's so hard to lay it down.

Back in Eden we were tried
Found ourselves disatisfied
Seeking wisdom that she denied
Tryin' hard to lay it down.

Lay it down brother, lay it down
It's so hard to lay it down.

Hide in me, confide in me
Don't you think it's time to be
Everything we tried to be
You and me should lay it down.

Speak to me, be unashamed
There's no need in playing games
After all we're all the same
Just tryin' hard to lay it down.

Lay it down brother, lay it down
It's so hard to lay it down.

Wish my words could make it well
Wish that I could break the shell
Take us from myself made hell
Find a way to lay it down.

Burdened by the things I've learned
Hurtin' 'cause I'm too concerned
Nonetheless I confess I yearn
To find a way to lay it down.

Lay it down, lay it down
Wish that I could lay it down...

// Gone To Denver //

I've thought I'd take a trip to Denver
And spend a little time
I thought maybe out in Denver
I might get you off my mind.

No want, no want go with me
Just want to be alone
I might find someone in Denver
That can help me carry on.

Gone to Denver, gone to Denver
Gone to mend a broken heart
Now I was goin' and if I'm goin'
I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.

Well, I've known a quiet wild
Now I've been losing you
And I'd rather might stay here
And find out who I lost into.

Maybe I won't even miss you
Like I always thought I would
I've heard Denver's quite a city
And a change may do me good.

Gone to Denver. gone to Denver
Gone to mend a broken heart
Now I was goin' and if I'm goin'
I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.

Gone to Denver, gone to Denver
Gone to mend a broken heart
Now I was goin' and if I'm goin'
I'd better be gone, gone to Denver.

// Good Time Charlie's Got The Blues //

Everybody's gone away
Said they're movin' to LA
There's not a soul I know around
Everybody's leavin' town.

Some caught a freight
Some caught a plane
Find the sunshine
Leave the rain.

They say this town'll waste your mind.
Must be right cause it's wastin' mine
Some got to win some got to lose
Good time Charlie's got the blues.

My heart keeps telling me
There ain't no kid at thirty-three
Play around you lose your wife
You play too long you lose your life.

I got my pills to ease the pain
Can't find a thing to ease the rain
Sometimes I'd like to try and settle down
But everybody's leavin' town.

Some got to win, some got to lose
Good time Charlie's got the blues.

// You Can Have Her //

Well, you can have her
I don't want her
She didn't loved me anyway
She only wanted
Someone to play with
But all I wanted was love to stay.

The girl I love
Upped and left me
She ran away with my best friend
Comes home at night
For just an hour
When daylight comes she's gone again.

You can have her
I don't want her
She didn't loved me anyway
She only wanted
Someone to play with
But all I wanted was love to stay.

When you're stuck
With the wrong woman
There ain't that much that you can do
You just dig a hole
And crawl right in it
Then you pull the ground right over you.

You can have her
I don't want her
She didn't loved me anyway
She only wanted
Someone to play with
But all I wanted was love to stay.

Life without love
Is mighty empty
But confession is good for your soul
I'd rather have love
For just an hour
Than have the world and all of its gold.

You can have her
I don't want her
She didn't loved me anyway
She only wanted
Someone to play with
But all I wanted was love to stay.

Yeah, you can have her
I don't want her
She didn't loved me anyway
She only wanted
Someone to play with
But all I wanted was love to stay...

// Pretend I Never Happened //

Pretend I never happened
Erase me from your mind
You will not want to remember
Any love as cold as mine.

I'll be leavin' in the mornin'
For a place I hope I find
All the place must be better
Than the ones I leave behind.

I don't suppose you'll be unhappy
You'll find ways to spend your time
But if you ever think about me
If I ever cross your mind.

Just pretend I never happened
Erase me from your mind, girl
You will not want to remember
Any love as cold as mine.

I don't suppose you'll be unhappy
You'll find ways to spend your time
But if you ever think about me
If I ever cross your mind.

Just pretend I never happened
Erase me from your mind, girl
You will not want to remember
Any love as cold as mine...

// San Francisco Mabel Joy //

His daddy was an honest man a red dirt Georgia farmer
His mama lived her young life having kids and bailing hay
He had fifteen years and an ache inside to wander
Jumped a freight in Waycross and wound up in LA.

The cold nights had no pity on that Waycross Georgia farm boy
Most days he went hungry then the summer came
He met a girl known on the Strip as San Francisco's Mabel Joy
Destitution's child born on an LA street called Shame.

Growing up came quietly in the arms of Mabel Joy
Laughter found the mornings that brought the meaning to his life
Night before she left sleep came and found that Waycross country boy
With dreams of Georgia cotton and a California wife.

Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door
A right cross sent him reelin' and put him face down on the floor
In place of Mabel Joy he found a merchant mad marine
He said your Georgia neck is red but Sonny you're still green.

He turned twenty one in a grey rock Federal prison
The judge had no mercy on this Waycross Georgia boy
Starin' at those four grey walls in silnce Lord he'd listen
To the midnight freight he knew could take him back to Mabel Joy.

Sunday morning found him neath the red light at her door
With a bullet in his side he cried have you seen Mabel Joy
Stunned and shaken someone said she don't live here no more
She left this house four years ago she was lookin' for some Georgia farm boy...

// Sandy Sends Her Best //

This letter that I'm writing would probably be
The hardest thing I'll ever do
But you see there's something you should know
I guess I should be the one to tell you.

While you failthfuly waited for me
I met someone new and I fell
Though you may not wanna hear it
Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.

Sure you know as well as I
Mem'ries have a way of hangin' in your mind
And there's a lot about you
I know I'll remember for a long, long time.

But she's the girl that I love now
I guess more than I love my life itself
I pray you hold your no hurt feelings
Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.

Maybe someday you'll forgive me
Realize that some things happened for the best
If it's any consolation after all the others
Until her I loved you best.

By the time you read this letter we'll be gone
I guess that's all there is to tell
But before I say goodbye
Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well.

I pray you hold your no hurt feelings
Sandy sends her best and she and I both wish you well...

// Me And Bobby Mcgee //

Busted flat in Baton Rouge headed for the trains
Feelin' nearly faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained
Took us all the way to New Orleans.

I took my har'poon out of my dirty red bandana
I was playin' sad while Bobby sang the blues
With them windshield whipers slappin' time and Bobby clappin' hands
We finally sang up ever song that driver knew.

Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free
Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues
Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.

From the coal mines of Kentucky to the California sun
Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Standin' right beside me Lord through everything I done
Every night she'd keep me from the cold.

Somewhere near Salinas Lord Bobby slipped away
Lookin' for the home I hope she'll find
I'd trade all of my tomorrows for just one yesterday
Holding her body close to mine.

Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin' ain't worth nothin' but it's free
Feeling good was easy Lord when Bobby sang the blues
Feeling it was good enough for me good enough for me and Bobby McGee.

