Album: TheTakerTulsa

// The Taker //

He's a giver, he'll give her the kind
Of attention that she's never known
He's a helper, he'll help her to open
The doors that she can't on her own.

He's a lover and he'll love her in ways
That she's never been loved before
He's a getter, he'll get her by gettin' her
Into the world she's been hungerin' for.

He's a charmer, he'll charm her with money
And manners that I never learned
He's a leader, he'll lead her across
Pretty bridges he's plannin' to burn.

He's a talker, he'll talk her right off of her feet
But he won't talk for long
'Cause he's a doer, and he'll do her the way
That I'd never, damned if he won't do her wrong.

He's a taker, he'll take her to places
And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to
He'll take his time before takin' advantage
Takin' her easy and slow.

And after he's taken the body and soul
She gives him he'll take her for granted
Take off and leave her taken all of her
Pride when he goes.

He's a taker, he'll take her to places
And make her fly higher than she's ever dared to
He'll take his time before takin' advantage
Takin' her easy and slow...

// You'll Look For Me //

There'll come a time girl you'll look for me
In each horizon, in each face you see
You'll look for love like love used to be
There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.

Look all around you if you have the time
Look at me once more if you can
You once said you loved me now you've changed your mind
But you'll change your mind again.

There'll come a time girl you'll look for me
In each horizon, in each face you see
You'll look for love like love used to be
There'll come a time girl you'll look for me.

There'll come a time girl you'll look for me
In each horizon, in each face you see
You'll look for love like love used to be
There'll come a time girl you'll look for me...

// Mississippi Woman //

The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue
And spattered by the paddle of my eager hand
That Mississippi woman is a wavin' over yonder
Wavin' her lantern for her Louisiana man.

How I love that Mississippi woman
How I love that Mississippi girl
How I love that Mississippi woman
But her heart does not belong to me.

The lantern light and moonbeams are dancing patterns on the water
She doesn't seem to realize I've learned her secret plans
My jealous mind is thinking as I paddle through the sleeping alligators
She don't know I know about her Louisiana man.

How I love that Mississippi woman
How I love that Mississippi girl
How I love that Mississippi woman
But her heart does not belong to me.

The reflections of the trees are cut by the bow of my pirogue
And splattered by the paddle of my shaky hand
The silence from behind me is alive with the splashing alligators
And the lantern light is blinking on the bottom in the sand.

How I love that Mississippi woman
How I love that Mississippi girl
How I love that Mississippi woman
But her heart does not belong to me.

How I love that Mississippi woman
How I love that Mississippi girl
How I love that Mississippi woman
But her heart does not belong to me...

// Lovin' Her Was Easier (Than Anything I'll Ever Do Again) //

I have seen the morning
Burning golden on the mountain in the skies
Aching with the feeling
Of the freedom of an eagle when she flies.

Turning on the world
The way she smiled upon my soul as I lay dying
Healing as the colors in the sunshine
And the shadows of her eyes.

Waking in the morning
To the feeling of her fingers on my skin
Wiping out the traces of the people
And the places that I've been.

Teaching me that yesterday
Was something that I never thought of trying
Talking of tomorrow and the money
Love and time we have to spend.

Loving her was easier
Than anything I'll ever do again
Coming close together with a feeling
That I've never known before in my time.

She ain't ashamed to be a woman
Or afraid to be a friend
I don't know the answers to the easy way
She's opened every door to my mind.

But dreaming was as easy
As believing it was never gonna end
Loving her was easier
Than anything I'll ever do again. mhmm...

// Six White Horses //

Come here and look through the window over he
Open up the shatters tell me watch you see
Was that his knock that I heard at the door
Or is it six white horses coming down the road.

Come here and touch me and say that it's all right
You know that to my eyes the days are as the the nights
Read again the letter that tells me that he's gone
To hell with the fighting I want my son home.

I taught him to fish and I taught him to be strong
Taught him that killing any man is wrong
But tomorrow in battle I'd run to where he stood
If the help of a blind man do any good.

Last night I went to this room for a while
I touched all the things that he used as a child
I rock the cradle where he used to lay
I'd found these tin soldiers and threw them away.

Come here and look through the window over he
Open up the shatters tell me watch you see
Was that his knock that I heard at the door
Or is it six white horses coming down the road...

// Tulsa //

When I left Tulsa Jamie was an innocent young lady
God only knows why she gave herself to a guy like you
She called me cryin' said she was gonna have your baby
You just turned your back on her like all cowards do.

I swore I'd get you for what you're puttin' her through
And the only reason I ain't got you
Jamie cried and begged me not to
She still loves you for some reason

But don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa
Don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa
If the sun goes down on you
If you're still here you're goin' down too
Don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa.

[Instrumental]

Jamie is the only thing I ever really cared for
She don't deserve this kind of shame
She's carryin' the child that you're to blame for
You just laughed and said
There ain't no way it's gonna get your name.

But I swore I'd get you for what you're puttin' her through
And the only reason I ain't got you
Jamie cried and begged me not to
But I ain't through with you yet
Don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa.

Don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa.
Better not let the sun set on you in Tulsa.
Don't let the sun set on you in Tulsa...

// Casey's Last Ride //

Casey joins the hollow sound
Of silent people walkin' down
The stairway to the subway
In the shadows down below.

Following their footsteps
Through the neon darkened corridors
Of silent desperation
Never speaking to a soul.

The poison air he's breathing
Has the dirty smell of dyin'
'Cause it's never seen the sunshine
And it's never felt the rain.

Casey minds the arrows
And ignores the fatal echoes
Of the clicking of the turn stops
And the rattle of his chains.

Oh, she said, Casey it's been
So long since I've seen you
Here she said just a kiss
To make a body smile.

See she said I've put on
New stocking just to please you
Lord, she said. Casey
Can you only stay a while?

[Instrumental]

Casey leaves the underground
And stops inside the Golden Crown
For something wet
To wipe away the chill that's in his bones.

Seeing his reflection
In the lives of all the lonely men
Who reach for anything they can
To keep from goin' home.

Standing in the corner
Casey drinks his final bitter
Never glancing in the mirror
At the people passing by.

Then he stumbles as he's leavin'
And he wonders if the reason
Is the beer that's in his belly
Or the tear that's in his eye.

Oh, she said, I suppose
You seldom think about me
Now she said, now
That you've a family of your own.

Still she said it's
So blessed good to feel your body
Lord, she said, Casey
It's a shame to be alone. hmm...

// A Legend In My Time //

If heartaches brought fame in love's crazy game
I'd be a legend a living legend in my time
If they gave gold statues for tears and regrets
I'd be a legend a living legend in my time.

But they don't give awards and there's no praise or fame
For a heart that's been broken over love that's in vain
If loneliness meant world acclaim everyone would know my name
I'd be a legend a living in my time.

[Instrumental]

But they don't give awards and there's no praise or fame
For a heart that's been broken over love that's in vain
If loneliness meant world acclaim everyone would know my name
I'd be a legend a living in my time...

// Sunday Morning Coming Down //

Well, I woke up Sunday mornin' with no way
To hold my head that didn't hurt
And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad
So I had one more for desert.

Then I fumbled through my closet to my clothes
And found my cleanest dirty shirt
And I shaved my face and combed my hair
Stumbled down the stair to meet the day.

Well, I'd smoke my mind the night before
With cigarettes and songs that I'd been picking
But I lit my first and watched the small kid
Cussing the can that he was kicking.

Then I crossed the empty street and caught
The Sunday smell of someone frying chicken
And it took me back to somethin'
That I'd lost somehow, somewhere along the way.

On the Sunday morning sidewalk
Wishing Lord, that I was stoned
'Cause there's something in a Sunday
Makes a body feel alone.

And there's nothing sure to dying
Half as lonesome as the sound
On the sleeping city sidewalk
And Sunday morning coming down.

In the park I saw a daddy
With the laughin' little girl that he was swinging
Then I stopped beside a Sunday school
Listened to the songs they were singing.

I headed back for home and somewhere far away
A lonely bell was ringing
And it echoed through the canyons
Like the disappearing dreams of yesterday.

On the Sunday morning sidewalk
Wishing Lord, that I was stoned
'Cause there's something in a Sunday
Makes a body feel alone...

// Grey Eyes You Know //

That cold north wind is blowing grey eyes you know
The years are quickly going grey eyes you know
And the good life I promised you so long ago
Is dead but for a dreaming grey eyes you know.

We never had much money grey eyes you know
More rainy days than sunny grey eyes you know
And life has been a long hard road to hoe
But you stuck right by me smiling grey eyes you know.

Hard times took the blue from your eyes
Leaving them grey as the winter's skies
We've had our talk now I must walk away
Leave you here beneath this mound of clay.

And I feel so empty as I turn to go
For my heart lies there beside you
Grey eyes you know
My heart lies there beside you
Grey eyes you know...

