Album: Freedom

// Freedom //

[Justin Bieber:]
Big up to my brother
Blessed sons and daughters
We all lookin' for the answers
We in search of living water
Too blind to see the Messiah
Are you weary? Are you tired?
Runnin' on empty, feelin' the fire
Mm, the Devil is a liar
The story's already written
Children, you are forgiven (Yeah)
Ain't nothin' you could do for you to change that
And everythin' you did, He erased that
Yeah, He took it all and threw it in the wasteland

[Justin Bieber (BEAM):]
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Mm)
Freedom, don't it feel good?
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Mm)
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Bah)

[BEAM:]
Big up to our Father (Big)
If you call 'pon Him, Him answer (Brr)
All we need a the begotten son to prosper (Yea, yea)
The dead resurrected, the Devil tried test it, him lost
Him lose again (Mm)
Head bruise again (Mm, mm-mm)
Sweat, blood, tears 'pon the cross
Did you know He paid the cost for you?
Work over North, West, South and East
Easter Sunday, bun and cheese
Good Friday, fish and bammy
One table and one family
All of the times weh mi cry for The Most High
God said, "No worry about it, mi love abundant, you're still mine" (Mm)

[Justin Bieber (BEAM):]
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Mm)
Freedom, don't it feel good?
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Mm)
Freedom, don't it feel good? (Bah)

// All She Wrote //

[Justin Bieber:]
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

We reject what we don't understand
We turn our backs on a fellow man
I wanna change, but my heart is bleedin'
Heart is hard, and can't nobody see me
I wanna be there for the ones that need me
I can't stand the pain I see on TV
Jealous 'cause they wanna be me
Damn it, man, this life ain't easy
It takes over me
My unforgiveness keeps control of me
Damn it, I gotta get a hold of me
Gotta get a hold of me, oh
What you want out of life? That's the question
This ain't a simulation, it's a blessin'
Is it a mistake or is it destined?
We ain't got no time for second-guessin'
We can't save ourselves, we need a savior
We ain't make ourselves, we need a maker
I keep failin' myself, I need somethin' new
So I lay my life down, I give it all to You

[Chandler Moore:]
All to You, give it all to You (I give it all to You)
Give it all to You, give it all (I give it all to You), oh-oh

[Justin Bieber (Chandler Moore):]
I came to the end of me, believin' the enemy
Comin' with that "Mmm," man, you ain't a friend of me
Nothin' can fix that, ooh, not even the Hennessy
I had to switch it up, yeah, switch up the remedy
God, can You use imperfect people? (Oh)
'Cause I'm broken through and through (Oh)
Just tell me where I need to go (Need to go)
'Cause that's all that I wanna do (All that I wanna do)
I'm a mess, but I'm tryna grow
I'm upset, but I still wanna know
Is there more for my life or is that all she wrote? (Is that all she wrote?)
Uh, is that all she wrote? (Is that all that she wrote?)
Is that all she wrote? (Is that all that she wrote?)
Is that all she wrote?

[Brandon Love:]
Thanks to all them Judas kisses, I got a master's in forgiveness
I don't need a jail system, I walk in conviction
I'd rather pray to God, than pray for wishes
I'm supernatural, not superstitious, there's a difference
Like relationship versus religion, that's a prison
I'm lightin' circle, then royal purple inside a prism
This flow is so universal, it came with dreams and visions
I got the keys to the kingdom, I'm 'bout my Father business
I came up straight from the bottom, I started from the finish
You can't undermine a mastermind
I may be out of your mind, but I ain't out of mine
I'm co-crucified, bury, resurrected
And perfected in the Son of God
Just like water turn to wine, I'm a prophetic sign
Ask your barber, I'm a headliner in New York Times
My life verses, I am His, yeah, and He is mine
The great "I Am's", the greatest Lamb of all time
Rebranded, redesigned and redefined
From Brandon to brand new, I'ma brand name in the household, brand too
Who are you to try to tell me what I can't do? We need a pull, huh?

[Judah Smith:]
You ever ask yourself, "Am I gonna make it?"
Well, I don't know, of course I can fake it
But honestly, can I go wrong?
I'm so tired, I'm so broken, I'm so weary
Oh, God, oh, God

// We're In This Together //

Yeah, it's not easy growin' up
You know, mm

Only two years old, I was playin' drums on the table
Guess I knew it was the only thing stable
When I was young, I could pick things up quick
Anything that I did, I was pretty good at it
Well, I started school, I was a troublemaker
Thought I knew everything in life, yeah, that caught up to me later, hehe
I had to learn about humility
I had to grow up and accept responsibility, yeah
That wasn't easy, 'cause at seventeen, I had a milli'
Women throwin' themselves at me had me goin' silly
On the surface, I felt like the man
But deep inside I felt deprived just like an empty can

I've had everything in life that people strive for (Strive for)
Just to ask the question: "What are we alive for?" (Alive for)
What you believe? And would you agree?
Well, what would you die for? (Die for)
Is there a reason? What is the meaning? What do we cry for?

One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
We're in this together

I moved out when I was eighteen
I was livin' in a mansion doin' big things
FBI raided my house and shit was gettin' dicey
I was doin' stupid shit to get people to like me
All that to say, I'm thankful that's not who I am
And I'm thankful God was with me when shit hit the fan
'Cause He's the reason that I'm still standin'
And even in a pandemic, God is still plannin'
Plannin' peace, plannin' joy, plan another day
Gave His life upon the cross to wash our sins away

I've had everything in life that people strive for
Just to ask the question: "What are we alive for?"
What you believe? And would you agree?
Well, what would you die for?
Is there a reason? What is the meaning? What do we cry for?

One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
We're in this together

I pray for every single person listening to this song right now
I pray for peace. I pray for joy. I pray for confidence. I pray for reassurance
I thank you so much for the person listening to this right now
I pray that You would bless them
Bless their mind, bless their finances
Bless their family, bless their sons, bless their daughters, bless their moms, bless their dads, bless their grandparents
God, I just pray for an overwhelming sense of Your presence in their home right now
An overwhelming sense of Your peace that says, "Everything is going to be all right."
In the name of Jesus
In the name of Jesus

// Where You Go I Follow //

[Justin Bieber:]
Where You go, I follow (Where You go, I follow)
You're with me every step of the way
Here in the struggle (Here in the struggle)
Your love's enough to wash it all away

On the third day, yeah, You rose up
And You beat death once and for all (Once and for all)
Once and for all (Once and for all)

There's nobody like You (Like You, like You)
There's nobody like You, Jesus (Jesus, Jesus)
There'll never be nobody like You (Like You, like You)
There'll never be nobody like You, Jesus (Jesus, Jesus)

[Pink Sweat$:]
Sometimes this world is feeling crazy
At times my mind is feeling hazy
But, Lord, You always come and save me
God Almighty, my safety
You're my end, You're my new beginning
You're my home, the One I confide in
You're the very air I breathe
The reason that I sing

[Chandler Moore:]
Oh, I've tried it all
Nothing could fix the damage in my heart
'Til I met Your love
Oh, You gave Your life so I won't fall apart

On the third day, yeah, You rose up
And You beat death once and for all (Once and for all)
Oh-oh, once and for all
Yeah-eh-eh

[Justin Bieber {Chandler Moore}:]
There's nobody like You {Oh-oh-oh-oh}
There's nobody like You, Jesus (Jesus, Jesus; {No-oh-oh})
There'll never be nobody like You {Oh-oh-oh}
There'll never be nobody like You, Jesus (Jesus, Jesus) {Yeah, yeah, ayy-ayy, yeah}

[Judah Smith:]
Why? Why is there nobody like Jesus?
Hasn't billions of men and women lived on this planet?
But why, why are we convinced there's nobody like Jesus?
Was He not merely a teacher, a prophet
An exegeter, an explainer and yet we find ourselves in history wondering
"Is there anyone like Jesus?
Who is this Jesus?"
This Man from the Middle East who claims to be God
Is He God? Is He sinless? Is He perfection?
Is He the once and for all sacrifice for humanity?
Is He a man without fear?
Did He become sin so that you and I might become right in our relationship with God?
Is there nobody like Jesus?
Did He die between two criminals on the crucifixion?
Three days later, did He rise again as the grave empty?
Has He defeated death, Hell in the grave and sin itself?
If so, there is nobody like Jesus (Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus)

// Where Do I Fit In //

[Justin Bieber:]
When the day is over and those thoughts set in
That's when I start to wonder, where do I fit in?
But then You remind me that You're holdin' me tight
You say the past is behind me and it'll be alright

[Justin Bieber (Tori Kelly):]
And You say to me, "It'll be alright"
(Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah)

[Tori Kelly:]
When I'm all alone and fear is all I see
Sittin' in the silence with these insecurities
And then You remind me, You're holdin' me tight
And You love me completely, You're always by my side

[Tori Kelly (Justin Bieber):]
And You say to me, it'll be alright
(Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm)

[Chandler Moore & Justin Bieber:]
I know You're not a God out there hidin' on mountains, oh, no
You come right where I am, lost my way, but You found me
Like a ray in the dark, on my ugliest days
You say that You'll always love me just the same
And then You remind me that You're holdin' me tight
You said the past is behind me and it will be alright

[Justin Bieber (Chandler Moore):]
Oh, and You say to me it'll be alright
(Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)

[Chandler Moore:]
Gonna be alright, gonna be alright
It will, it will be alright

[Judah Smith:]
I hear those words over and over, "It'll be alright"
Go to sleep, My child, it'll be alright
Sleep soundly, My child, it'll be alright
I'm right here, My child, it'll be alright
I won't go anywhere, it'll be alright
You're in the palm of My hand, it'll be alright
My arms are wrapped around you, it'll be alright
While you sleep, I watch over you, it'll be alright
I'll take care of your loved ones, it'll be alright
Your future's in My hands, it'll be alright
Your past is forgiven, it'll be alright
Your future is secure, it'll be alright
I forgive you, it'll be alright
I'm your friend that's closer than a brother, it'll be alright
Sleep now for when the morning comes
My mercies will be new, it'll be alright

[Justin Bieber:]
Hallelujah

// Afraid To Say //

[Justin Bieber:]
I'm afraid to say the wrong thing
Criticized from every angle
And I'm afraid to lay it on the line
And selfishly I wanna hold back

Do we got the room to make mistakes?
Are we judged for everything we say? (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I wanna grow but I'm afraid (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
And will it always be the same? (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Does what I gotta say even matter? (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Is life about climbing up the ladder
And can we even see lives that are shattered?
'Cause I'm really tryna silence the chatter
What have we done with society?
When everybody's getting canceled
And can't there be room for maturity?
'Cause writing 'em off is not the answer

Do we got the room to make mistakes? (Ooh, ooh, ooh, do we?)
Are we judged for everything we say? (Ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, are we?)
I wanna grow but I'm afraid (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
And will it always be the same? (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Does what I gotta say even matter? (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Is life about climbing up the ladder
And can we even see lives that are shattered?
'Cause I'm really tryna silence the chatter
What have we done with society?
When everybody's getting canceled (Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
And can't there be room for maturity?
'Cause writing 'em off is not the answer

We can't write people off
God never writes us off
Even in our darkest days, even when we least deserve it
Even when we're doing that stupid thing we wish we weren't doing
God never writes us off, ever
He's with us in our pain, He's with us in our struggle
He's with us in our bad decisions
He's with us all the time, He never writes us off (He never writes us off)

[Lauren Walters (Justin Bieber):]
You formed the whole of me (Ooh, ooh-ooh, oh, oh)
Inward and out (Ooh, ooh-ooh, oh, oh)
I am awesomely and wonderfully created (Ooh, ooh-ooh, oh, oh)
Your creations are spectacular
You skillfully designed me (Ooh, ooh-ooh, oh, oh)
You saw the essence of me, before I was formed
Before I existed, all of my days were written in your book
Psalms 139:13-16

