Album: JudyCollins3

// Anathea //

Lazlo Feher stole a stallion
Stole him from the misty mountains
And they chased him and they caught him
And in iron chains they bound him

Word was brought to Anathea
That her brother was in prison
"Bring me gold and six fine horses
I will buy my brothers freedom"

"Judge, oh, judge, please spare my brother
I will give you gold and silver"
"I don't want your gold and silver
All I want are your sweet favors"

"Anathea, oh, my sister
Are you mad with grief and sorrow?
He will rob you of your flower
And he'll hang me from the gallows"

Anathea did not heed him
Straight away to the judge went running
In his golden bed at midnight
There she heard the gallows groaning

"Cursed be that judge, so cruel
Thirteen years may he lie bleeding
Thirteen doctors cannot cure him
Thirteen shelves of drugs can't heal him"

"Anathea, Anathea
Don't go out into the forest
There among the green pines standing
You will find your brother hanging"

// Bullgine Run //

Well, the smartest clipper you could find
Heave away, haul away
Is the Margot Evans on the Black Ball Line
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Tell me now, are you most done?
Heave away, haul away
Every day we're closer to home
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Well, tell me now, are you bound to go
Heave away, haul away
Off to Greenland where there's ice and snow?
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Tell me now, are you bound to sail
Heave away, haul away
Off to Greenland to catch the whale?
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Well, I though I heard my captain say
Heave away, haul away
"In another week we'll get more pay"
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Tell me now, are you most done?
Heave away, haul away
Every day we're closer to home
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

Well, the smartest clipper you could find
Heave away, haul away
Is the Margot Evans on the Black Ball Line
Clear away the track and let the bullgine run

// Farewell //

Oh, fare thee well, my darling true
I'm leavin', the first hour of morn'
I'm bound off for the Bay of Mexico
Or maybe the Coast of Californ'

So, fare thee well, my own true love
We'll meet another day, another time
It's not the leavin' that's grieving me
But my true love, who's bound to stay behind

The weather is against me and the wind blows hard
The rain is turnin' into hail
I still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west
Though I'm travelin on a lonesome trail

So, fare thee well, my own true love
We'll meet another day, another time
It's not the leavin' that's grieving me
But my true love, who's bound to stay behind

I'll tell you of the laughter and the troubles
Either somebody else's or my own
With my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high
I'll travel unnoticed and unknown

So, fare thee well, my own true love
We'll meet another day, another time
It's not the leavin' that's grieving me
But my true love, who's bound to stay behind

I've heard, tell of a town, where I might as well be bound
Down around the Mexican plains
They say that the people all are friendly there
All they ask of you is your name

So, fare the well, my own true love
We'll meet another day, another time
It's not the leavin' that's grieving me
But my true love, who's bound to stay behind

// Ten O'clock And All Is Well //

Ten o'clock, all's well, ten o'clock, all's well
Town crier calling, swinging his bell
Ten o'clock, all's well

Except for the girl with the tear in her eye
Whose sailor has left with a bitter good bye
He swore on his life they never would part
But he sailed and he left with her heart

Eleven o'clock, all's well, eleven o'clock, all's well
Town crier calling, ringing his bell
Eleven o'clock, all's well

Oh where were her words when he turned to go
Of the new life within her now he'd never know
She walked through the night full of grief and despair
Crying why has he gone and where
Twelve o'clock, all's well, twelve o'clock, all's well
Town crier calling, ringing his bell
Twelve o'clock, all's well

She thought of her man who had sailed away
Not even a kiss when he left that day
She walked to the dock where the sea meets the town
And she stepped from the shore and she drowned

// The Dove //

The dove she is a pretty bird, she sings as she flies
She brings us glad tidings and tells us no lies
She drinks the spring waters to make her voice clear
When her nest she is building and summer is near

Come all you young fellows take warning by me
Don't go for a soldier, don't join no army
For the dove she will leave you, the raven will come
And death will come marching at the beat of a drum

Come all you pretty fair maids, come walk in the sun
And don't let your young man ever carry a gun
For the gun, it will scare her, and she'll fly away
And then there'll be weeping by night and by day.

The dove she is a pretty bird, she sings as she flies
She brings us glad tidings and tells us no lies
She drinks the spring waters to make her voice clear
When her nest she is building and summer is near

// Masters Of War //

Come you masters of war
You that build all the guns
You that build the death planes
You that build all the bombs
You that hide behind walls
You that hide behind desks
I just want you to know
I can see through your masks.

You that never done nothin'
But build to destroy
You play with my world
Like it's your little toy
You put a gun in my hand
And you hide from my eyes
And you turn and run farther
When the fast bullets fly.

Like Judas of old
You lie and deceive
A world war can be won
You want me to believe
But I see through your eyes
And I see through your brain
Like I see through the water
That runs down my drain.

You fasten all the triggers
For the others to fire
Then you set back and watch
When the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion'
As young people's blood
Flows out of their bodies
And is buried in the mud.

You've thrown the worst fear
That can ever be hurled
Fear to bring children
Into the world
For threatening my baby
Unborn and unnamed
You ain't worth the blood
That runs in your veins.

How much do I know
To talk out of turn
You might say that I'm young
You might say I'm unlearned
But there's one thing I know
Though I'm younger than you
That even Jesus would never
Forgive what you do.

Let me ask you one question
Is your money that good
Will it buy you forgiveness
Do you think that it could
I think you will find
When your death takes its toll
All the money you made
Will never buy back your soul.

And I hope that you die
And your death'll come soon
I will follow your casket
In the pale afternoon
And I'll watch while you're lowered
Down to your deathbed
And I'll stand over your grave
'Til I'm sure that you're dead.

// In The Hills Of Shiloh //

Have you seen Amanda Blaine in the hills of Shiloh
Wandering in the morning rain through the hills of Shiloh
Have you seen her at her door listening for the cannon's roar
And the man who went to war from the hills of Shiloh.

Have you heard her mournful cries in the hills of Shiloh
Have you seen her haunted eyes in the hills of Shiloh
Have you seen her running down searching through the sleeping town
In her yellowed wedding gown in the hills of Shiloh.

Have you seen her standing there in the hills of Shiloh
Wind a blowing through her hair in the hills of Shiloh
Listening for the sound of guns listening for the rolling drums
And the man who never comes to the hills of Shiloh.

Have you heard Amanda sing in the hills of Shiloh
Whispering to her wedding ring in the hills of Shiloh
Hear her humming soft and low poor Amanda doesn't know
It was ended forty years ago in the hills of Shiloh...

// The Bells Of Rhymney //

Words by Idris Davies
Music by Pete Seeger
Oh What will you give me?
Say the sad bells of Rhymney
Is there hope for the future?
Say the brown bells of Merthyr
Who made the mine owner?
Say the black bells of Rhondda
And who killed the miner?
Say the grim bells of Blaina
Put the vandals in court
Say the bells of Newport
All would be well if, if, if, if
Say the green bells of Cardiff
Why so worried sisters? Why?
Sang the silver bells of Wye
And what will you give me?
Say the sad bells of Rhymney
Oh What will you give me?
Say the sad bells of Rhymney
Is there hope for the future?
Say the brown bells of Merthyr
Who made the mine owner?
Say the black bells of Rhondda
And who killed the miner?
Say the grim bells of Blaina

They will plunder willy-nilly,
Cry the bells of Caerphilly.
They have fangs, they have teeth,
Say the loud bells of Neath.
Even God is uneasy,
Say the moist bells of Swansea.
And what will you give me?
Say the sad bells of Rhymney

Put the vandals in court
Say the bells of Newport.
All would be well if, if, if,
Cry the green bells of Cardiff.
Why so worried, sisters, why?
Sang the silver bells of Wye.
And what will you give me?
Say the sad bells of Rhymney.

// Deportee //

The crops are all in and the peaches are rott'ning,

The oranges piled in their creosote dumps;

They're flying 'em back to the Mexican border

To pay all their money to wade back again

Goodbye to my Juan, goodbye, Rosalita,

Adios mis amigos, Jesus y Maria;

You won't have your names when you ride the big airplane,

All they will call you will be "deportees"

My father's own father, he waded that river,

They took all the money he made in his life;

My brothers and sisters come working the fruit trees,

And they rode the truck till they took down and died.

Some of us are illegal, and some are not wanted,

Our work contract's out and we have to move on;

Six hundred miles to that Mexican border,

They chase us like outlaws, like rustlers, like thieves.

We died in your hills, we died in your deserts,

We died in your valleys and died on your plains.

We died 'neath your trees and we died in your bushes,

Both sides of the river, we died just the same.

The sky plane caught fire over Los Gatos Canyon,

A fireball of lightning, and shook all our hills,

Who are all these friends, all scattered like dry leaves?

The radio says, "They are just deportees"

Is this the best way we can grow our big orchards?

Is this the best way we can grow our good fruit?

To fall like dry leaves to rot on my topsoil

And be called by no name except "deportees"?

// Settle Down //

Goin' down that highway, goin' to another town.
Honey when I find what I'm looking for, maybe I'll settle down. 

Why don't you help me brother, I'm a stranger in your town
Why don't you help me brother, maybe I'll settle down.

Worked my way from Boston to the San Francisco Bay
But honey what I've been looking for, I didn't find along the way. 

Why don't you help me brother, I'm a stranger in your town
Why don't you help me brother, maybe I'll settle down.

I've never been contented no matter where I roam
It ain't no fun to see a settin' sun when you're far from home. 

Why don't you help me brother, I'm a stranger in your town
Why don't you help me brother, maybe I'll settle down.
Why don't you help me brother, I'm a stranger in your town
Why don't you help me brother, and maybe I'll settle down.

// Come Away Melinda //

"Mommy, mommy, come and see and look what I have found
A little way away from here while digging in the ground."
"Come away, Melinda. Come in and close the door.
It's nothing but a picture book they had before the war."

"Mommy, mommy, come and see. Oh, mommy, hurry look.
There's four or five Melinda girls inside this picture book."
"Come away, Melinda. Come in and close the door.
There were lots of little girls like you before they had the war."

"Mommy, mommy, come and see. Oh, mommy, hurry do.
There's someone grown up, very tall, who doesn't look like you."
"Come away, Melinda. Come in and close the door.
Your father was a man like that before they had the war."

"Mommy, mommy, come and see. Such things I've never seen.
There's happy faces all around and all the grass is green."
"Come away, Melinda. Come in and close the door.
That's just the way it used to be before they had the war."

"Mommy, mommy come and see and tell me if you can,
Why can't it be the way it was before the war began?"
"Come away, Melinda. Come in and close the door.
The answer lies in yesterday before they had the war."

// Turn, Turn, Turn (To Everything There Is A Season) //

Words-adapted from the bible, book of ecclesiastes
Music-pete seeger

To everything (turn, turn, turn)
There is a season (turn, turn, turn)
And a time for every purpose, under heaven

A time to be born, a time to die
A time to plant, a time to reap
A time to kill, a time to heal
A time to laugh, a time to weep

To everything (turn, turn, turn)
There is a season (turn, turn, turn)
And a time for every purpose, under heaven

A time to build up, a time to break down
A time to dance, a time to mourn
A time to cast away stones, a time to gather stones together

To everything (turn, turn, turn)
There is a season (turn, turn, turn)
And a time for every purpose, under heaven

A time of love, a time of hate
A time of war, a time of peace
A time you may embrace, a time to refrain from embracing

To everything (turn, turn, turn)
There is a season (turn, turn, turn)
And a time for every purpose, under heaven

A time to gain, a time to lose
A time to rend, a time to sew
A time to love, a time to hate
A time for peace, I swear its not too late

