Album: Living

// Joan Of Arc //

Now the flames they followed joan of arc
As she came riding through the dark;
No moon to keep her armour bright,
No man to get her through this very smoky night.
She said, I'm tired of the war,
I want the kind of work I had before,
A wedding dress or something white
To wear upon my swollen appetite.

Well, I'm glad to hear you talk this way,
You know I've watched you riding every day
And something in me yearns to win
Such a cold and lonesome heroine.
And who are you? she sternly spoke
To the one beneath the smoke.
Why, I'm fire, he replied,
And I love your solitude, I love your pride.

Then fire, make your body cold,
I'm going to give you mine to hold,
Saying this she climbed inside
To be his one, to be his only bride.
And deep into his fiery heart
He took the dust of joan of arc,
And high above the wedding guests
He hung the ashes of her wedding dress.

It was deep into his fiery heart
He took the dust of joan of arc,
And then she clearly understood
If he was fire, oh then she must be wood.
I saw her wince, I saw her cry,
I saw the glory in her eye.
Myself I long for love and light,
But must it come so cruel, and oh so bright?

// Four Strong Winds //

Think I'll go out to Alberta
Weather's good there in the fall
I got some friends that I could go to working for.
Still I wish you'd change your mind
If I ask you one more time
But we've been through this a hundred times or more.

Chorus: Four strong winds that blow lonely
Seven seas that run high
All those things that don't change come what may.
If all the good times are all gone
Then I'm bound for movin' on
I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way.

If I get there before the snow flies
And if things are lookin' good
You could meet me if I send you down the fare.
But, by then it would be winter
Not too much for you to do
And those winds sure can blow cold 'way out there.

Chorus: Four strong winds that blow lonely
Seven seas that run high
All those things that don't change come what may.
If all the good times are all gone
Then I'm bound for movin' on
I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way.

// Vietnam Love Song //

My lover is dead
He died in the battle of Plei Me
My lover is dead
He died in the battle of Tong Sa
My lover is dead
He died in the battle of Dong Ha
My lover is dead
He died in the battle of A Shau
My lover is dead
He died in the battle of Ba Gia

Died in the jungle undergrowth
Died in the rushing river
Died at the entrance to the pass
Died underneath the railroad bridge
Died so suddenly, died so gradually

Died long ago, died last winter
Died this morning, in his new uniform
Died stark naked, denouncing Americans
Died in silence, died hating, died loving
My lover is dead

My lover is alive
My lover, Vietnam

// Innisfree //

I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree,
And a small cabin build there, of clay and wattles made;
Nine bean rows will I have there, a hive for the honeybee,
And live alone in the bee-loud glade.

And I will have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow,
Dropping on the veils of the morning to where the cricket sings;
There midnight's all a-glimmer, and noon's a purple glow,
And evening's full of the linnet's wings.

I will arise and go now, for always night and day
I hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore;
While I stand on the roadway, or on the pavements gray,
I hear it in the deep heart's core.

// Song For Judith (Open The Door) //

Sometimes I remember the old days
When the world was filled with sorrow
You might have thought I was living but I was all alone
In my heart the rain was falling
The wind blew, the night was calling
Come back, come back, I'm all you've ever known

Open the door and come on in
I'm so glad to see you, my friend
You're like a rainbow, coming around the bend
And when I see you happy
Well, it sets my heart free
I'd like to be as good a friend to you, as you are to me

There were friends who could always see me
Through the haze their smiles would reach me
Saying okay, saying goodbye, saying hello
Soon I knew just what I was after
Was life and love, tears and laughter

Hello, my good friend
Hello, my darling
What do you know

Open the door and come on in
I'm so glad to see you, my friend
You're like a rainbow, coming around the bend
And when I see you happy
Well, it sets my heart free
I'd like to be as good a friend to you, as you are to me

I used to think it was only me feeling alone
Not feeling free to be alive to be a friend
Now I know we all have stormy weather
The sun shines through when we're together
I'll be your friend, right through to the end

Open the door and come on in
I'm so glad to see you, my friend
You're like a rainbow, coming around the bend
And when I see you happy
Well, it sets my heart free
I'd like to be as good a friend to you, as you are to me

Open the door and come on in
I'm so glad to see you, my friends
You're all like rainbows, coming around the bend
And when I see you happy
Well, it sets my heart free
I'd like to be as good a friend to you, as you are to me

// All Things Are Quite Silent //

All things are quite silent, each mortal at rest,
When me and my true love lay snug in one nest,
When a bold set of ruffians broke into our cave,
And they forced my dear jewel to plough the salt wave.

I begged hard for my darling as I would for my life.
But they'd not listen to me although a fond wife,
Saying: The king must have sailors, to the seas he must go,
And they left me lamenting in sorrow and woe.

Through green fields and meadows we of times have walked,
And the fond recollections together have talked,
Where the lark and the blackbird so sweetly did sing,
And the lovely thrushes' voices made the valleys to ring.

Now although I'm forsaken, I won't be cast down.
Who knows but my true love some day may return
And will make me amends for my trouble and strife,
And me and my true love might live happy for life.

// Easy Times //

Easy times come hard for me
And oh, my darling
Time to dream again
That you are coming home

Happy times I've had with you
Do you know, my darling?
Will there ever be a time?
We're not alone

I thought you'd like to know
The willow's turning green
I was down along the railroad tracks today
The winter seems so long

I was here and you were gone
It seems that was as long as I remember

Tell me how you spend your time there
Here there's nothing much to do
And the nights they seem to last forever
But the river's bright with summer

And the trains are going somewhere
But they won't be stopping here to bring you home
Cause I know there's nowhere you can go

// Chelsea Morning //

I woke up, it was a Chelsea morning
And the first thing that I heard
Was a song outside my window
The traffic wrote the words
It came ringing up like Christmas bells
Rapping up like pipes and drums

Oh, won't you stay we'll put on the day
And we'll wear it 'till the night comes

I woke up, it was a Chelsea morning
And the first thing that I saw
Was the sun through yellow curtains
And a rainbow on my wall
Blue, red, green and gold to welcome you
Crimson crystal beads to beckon

Oh, won't you stay we'll put on the day
There's a sun show every second

Now the curtain opens on a portrait of today
And the streets are paved with passersby
Pigeons fly, and papers lie
Waiting to blow away

I woke up, it was a Chelsea morning
And the first thing that I knew
There was milk and toast and honey
And a bowl of orange juice too
And the light poured in like butterscotch
Stuck to all my senses

Oh, won't you stay we'll put on the day
And we'll talk in present tenses

When the contain closes
And the rainbow runs away
I will bring you incense owls by night
By jewel light, by candlelight, if only you will stay
Oh my darling won't you wake up, it is a Chelsea morning

// Blue Raincoat //

It's four in the morning, the end of December
I'm writing you now just to see if you're better
New York is cold, but I like where I'm living
There's music on Clinton Street all through the evening.
I hear that you're building your little house deep in the desert
You're living for nothing now, I hope you're keeping some kind of record.
Yes, and Jane came by with a lock of your hair
She said that you gave it to her
That night that you planned to go clear
Did you ever go clear?
Ah, the last time we saw you you looked so much older
Your famous blue raincoat was torn at the shoulder
You'd been to the station to meet every train
And you came home without Lili Marlene
And you treated my woman to a flake of your life
And when she came back she was nobody's wife.
Well I see you there with the rose in your teeth
One more thin gypsy thief
Well I see Jane's awake 

She sends her regards.
And what can I tell you my brother, my killer
What can I possibly say?
I guess that I miss you, I guess I forgive you
I'm glad you stood in my way.
If you ever come by here, for Jane or for me
Your enemy is sleeping, and his woman is free.
Yes, and thanks, for the trouble you took from her eyes
I thought it was there for good so I never tried.
And Jane came by with a lock of your hair
She said that you gave it to her
That night that you planned to go clear

// Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues //

When you're lost in the rain in Juarez
And it's Eastertime too
And your gravity fails
And negativity don't pull you through
Don't put on any airs
When you're down on Rue Morgue Avenue
They got some hungry women there
And they really make a mess outa you

Now if you see Saint Annie
Please tell her thanks a lot
I cannot move
My fingers are all in a knot
I don't have the strength
To get up and take another shot
And my best friend, my doctor
Won't even say what it is I've got

Sweet Melinda
The peasants call her the goddess of gloom
She speaks good English
And she invites you up into her room
And you're so kind
And careful not to go to her too soon
And she steals your voice
And leaves you howling at the moon

Up on Housing Project Hill
It's either fortune or fame
You must pick up one or the other
Though neither of them are to be what they claim
If you're lookin' to get silly
You better go back to from where you came
Because the cops don't need you here
And man they expect the same

Now all the authorities
They just stand around and boast
How they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms
Into getting up and leaving his post
And picking up Angel who
Just arrived down here from the coast
Who looked so fine at first
But left looking just like a ghost

I started out on burgundy
But soon hit the harder stuff
Everybody said they'd stand behind me
When the game got rough
But it was all a big joke
There was nobody even there to bluff
I'm going back to New York City
I do believe I've had enough

