Album: ItsNotLoveButItsNotBad

// It's Not Love (But It's Not Bad) //

She was always there each time I needed you
Holding on to me like I held on to you
We still don't have what you and I once had
No, It's not love but it's not bad.

No, It's not love, not like ours was, It's not love
But it keeps love from driving me mad
And I don't have to wonder who she's had
No, It's not love but it's not bad.

I turn to her when you leave me alone
Sometimes even when you're here, and you're still gone
She'e slowly changing what you leave so sad
No, It's not love but it's not bad.

No, It's not love, not like ours was, It's not love
But it keeps love from driving me mad
And I don't have to wonder who she's had
No, It's not love but it's not bad.

No, It's not love, not like ours was, It's not love
But it keeps love from driving me mad
And I don't have to wonder who she's had
No, It's not love but it's not bad...

// Goodbye Comes Hard For Me //

I just remember something that I forgot to do
The bedroom door needs paintin' and the walls are fadin' too
Angie's bike needs fixin' that all takes time you see
And I know I'm not fooling you goodbye comes hard for me.

So I'll just check for things once more and look in every room
I must have dropped my comb somewhere and a man must stay well groomed
It seems I have the right to stay but I know you don't agree
When it's goodbye to all our love goodbye comes hard for me.

Goodbye comes hard for me and I hoped you'd grab my sleeve
I thought that you might change your mind and ask me not to leave
My face is wet I've dried I guess I loved you now you're free
When it's goodbye to all our love goodbye comes hard for me.

My face is wet I've dried I guess I loved you now you're free
When it's goodbye to all our love goodbye comes hard for me...

// My Woman Keeps Lovin' Her Man //

My woman still loves me in spite of my way
For reason I don't understand
I guess some day she knows I'll come home to stay
That's why my woman keeps loving her man.

Someday she knows I'll be feeble and old
And unable to leave her again
She's happy just knowing that someday I'll change
That's why my woman keeps loving her man.

My woman is guilty of loving too much
A man who's only a man
And the mem'ry she clings to gives her something to touch
That's why my woman keeps loving her man.

Someday she knows I'll be feeble and old
And unable to leave her again
And someday she knows I'll come home to stay
That's why my woman keeps loving her man.

That's why my woman keeps loving her man...

// New York City Blues //

Everyone in New York City's got a frowning face
And I'm sure glad that I'm just passing through
This old country boy from Okie sure feels out of place
That's why I'm singing these New York City blues,

Now southern hospitality is far behind
A thing these yankee folks don't ever use
You'll find it somewhere down below that Dixon Line
Oh Lordm I got these New York City blues
Here comes now,

This old town sure gets lonely late at night
When your only friend's a rotgut jug of booze
But come daylight in the morning I'll be out of sight
Lord I got these New York City blues.

Yeah, southern hospitality will soon be mine
'Cause I'm going back where the sidewalks fit my shoes
Mmm, mhm ,mhm, mhm, mhm
I got these New York City blues...

// Conversion Of Ronnie Jones //

Ronnie Jones decided to settle down so he married Annie Birch
Now Annie hadn't been around too much she mostly only went to church
Right away she started in insistin' that he come on up and join
He said I'll tell you what I'll do to settle this by dog I'll flip a coin.

Preacher used some fancy words but Ronnie tried his best to understand
Cause he loved his little Annie and for her he wanted to be a better man
But of all the things they told him it seemed that he remembered only one
He said I guess I'll have to go up there and tell 'em everything I've done.

The Sunday meeting just took up and Ronnie stood outside half scared to death
Regretin' what he had to do in there and tried hard to get his breath
There didn't seem to be much use to put off what he had to do no more
So he backed way up and took a run and bolted through the double lobby door.

Annie's eyes began to overflow in tears of joy at what she saw
The preacher took him by the hand and said bless you my boy tell it all
While every head was bowed in prayer some women slipped outside as if
to pray
Fearin' what the spirit might cause Ronnie and his circumstance to say.

All their fears were justified his simple life became an open book
Names like Dorris Cunningham Wanda Webb even Marlene Cook
Another kind of fire began to burn down in the depths of Annie's soul
She turned on Ron and used some words nobody'd ever heard her say before
Sometimes we know not what we pray for...

// I Wonder What She'll Think About Me Leaving //

I wonder what she'll think about me leaving
Wish I could be there hidden if she cries
'Cause leaving really won't be worth my trouble
If I can see the teardrops fill her eyes.

I wonder what she'll think about me leaving
Wish I could see her standing all alone
If she hurts at all I'd like to know it happened
I wonder if she'll even know I'm gone.

Wish I could be there standing by her window
When she finds the note about me being gone
I'm almost sure her coldness never changes
But still I'd like to know it if I'm wrong.

I wonder what she'll think about me leaving
Wish I could see her standing all alone
If she hurts at all I'd like to know it happened
I wonder if she'll even know I'm gone.

I wonder if she'll notice that I'm gone...

// Shoulder To Cry On //

I came here because I knew I'd be welcome
And because somehow you always understand
You seem to have a way with lonely people
And you always were my greatest helping hand.

Now once again I'm here to take advantage
Though I don't deserve the arms I left alone
I need to know there's someone who still loves me
And I need a shoulder to cry on.

I overlooked the love you tried so hard to give
The love I never seemed to understand
I always stay just long enough to hurt you
And what little love I gave was second hand.

Now once again I'm here to take advantage
Cause once again the one I love is gone
I need to know there's someone who still loves me
And I need a shoulder to cry on.

I need to know there's someone who still loves me
And I need a shoulder to cry on...

// I'd Never Told On You //

Nobody knew you were hurting me
As long as you were mine no one else could see
But you left me then you left him and he told the things you do
But if you'd love me I'd never told on you.

I was loyal to the pain that you put me through
Even the one who took you never knew
But you left me then you left him and he told the things you do
But if you'd love me I'd never told on you.

But you left me then you left him and he told the things you do
But if you'd love me I'd never told on you...

// Dad's Old Fiddle //

There's two nails in the wall above the door in the hall
Where dad's old fiddle hung for twenty years
I recall as just a boy how my heart would beat with joy
When daddy would play the song I loved to hear
And daddy would play.

Daddy never left us any will telling us what he'd give
But everybody knew his fiddle was mine
But the fiddle was all he left so I had to teach myself
And I bet I played his song a million times
And I would play.

Well, if dad could see me now oh I know that he'd be proud
To hear his old fiddle played once again
But maybe it won't be long till I join him in his song
And together we'll play this song once again
And then we'll play.

// Somewhere To Come When It Rains //

Mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm.

Too many arms have held you too close
And too many eyes have cried
Too many heartaches are clingin' to you
And most of those heartaches are mine.

When your fair weather love lets you down
And you feel you can't live with the pain
When the sunshine and flowers are gone
I'm somewhere to come when it rains.

Mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm.

You had all the lust and the lure of a diamond
But I've learned that a stone is a stone
As long as it's held in the hand it's warm
But it grows cold when you leave it alone.

When your fair weather love lets you down
And you feel you can't live with the pain
When the sunshine and flowers are gone
I'm somewhere to come when it rains.

I'll be waiting for you in the rain...

