Album: PrideInWhatIAm

// I Take A Lot Of Pride In What I Am //

Things I learned in a hobo jungle
Were things they never taught me in a classroom,
Like where to find a handout
While thumbin' through Chicago in the afternoon.
Hey, I'm not braggin' or complainin',
Just talkin' to myself man to man.
This ole' mental fat I'm chewin' didn't take alot of doin'.
But I take alot of pride in what I am.

I guess I grew up a loner, 
I don't remember ever havin' any folks around.
But I keep thumbin' through the phone books,
And lookin' for my daddy's name in every town.
And I meet lots of friendly people, 
That I always end up leavin' on the lam.
Where I've been or where I'm goin' 
Didn't take alot of knowin',
But I take alot of pride in what I am.

I never travel in a hurry, 
'Cause I got nobody waitin' for me anywhere.
Home is anywhere I'm livin',
If it's sleepin' on some vacant bench in City Square,
Or if I'm workin' on some road gang, 
Or just livin' off the fat of our great land.
I never been nobody's idol, But at least I got a title,
And I take alot of pride in what I am.

I never been nobody's idol, But at least I got a title,
And I take alot of pride in what I am.

I take alot of pride in what I am.

I take alot of pride in what I am...

// Who'll Buy The Wine //

Not so long ago you held our baby's bottle
But the one you're holding now's a different kind
And you'd never know whose lips you'll soon be kissin'
'Cause it all depends on who will buy the wine.

Whoever sets 'em up and tips the waitress
Your kind of love just might as well be blind
And you'd never know whose lips you'll soon be kissin'
And it all depends on who will buy the wine.

The kind of life you're livin' since you left me
I'm sure is not the life you thought you choosed
Your honky tonkin' world is not so flashy
Bright lights and booze is all it really knows.

Whoever sets 'em up and tips the waitress
Your kind of love just might as well be blind
You just sit and wait to be somebody's baby
And it all depends on who will buy the wine...

// The Day The Rains Came //

Your strange love was what I found
The day the rains came down
And I remember we found shelter in the cave
With the rain clouds up above
In the darkness we found love
The day the rains came I became your slave.

As the rains made rivers swell I fell deeper in your spell
You took my hand and handed me a crown
If I could just live on with these things I have known
I know that I'd be glad of what I've found.

As the rains made rivers swell I fell deeper in your spell
You took my hand and handed me a crown
But if I could just live on with these things I have known
I know that I'd be glad of what I've found.

Your strange love was what I found.
The day the rains came down...

// It Meant Goodbye To Me (When You Said Hello To Him) //

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm.
I made a big mistake when
I introduced her to my friend
And gave him a chance to dance with her
As I watched them in the crowd
I could hear my heart beat loud
'Cause it meant goodbye to me
When she said hello to him.

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
She just held on to his hand
When it was break time for the band
And it was plain to see that I'd lost out
So I slipped to wait and cry
Felt so low I could die
'Cause it meant goodbye to me
When she said hello to him.

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
Is there anywhere to go
Where a broken heart won't show
Everyone must know what's wrong with me
They can tell bout my ways
I go round lost in the days
'Cause it meant goodbye to me
When she said hello to him.

Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm...

// I Can't Hold Myself In Line //

I'm going off of the deep end
And I'm slowly losing my mind
And I disagree with the way (ha-ha) I'm living
But I can't hold myself in line.

You give me no reason for my drinkin'
But I can't stand myself at times
And you're better off to just leave and forget me
'Cause I can't hold myself in line.

Hey, my weakness is stronger than I am
Guess I've always been the losin' kind
Now I'm full speed ahead down the wrong road of life
And I can't hold myself in line.

Yeah, and I'm going off of the deep end
Hey, I'm slowly losing my mind
And I disagree with the way I've been living
But I can't hold myself in line...

// I'm Bringin' Home Good News //

Yeah, I'm bringin' home some good news
Got some things you'll be glad to hear
Like I'm leavin' town and won't be back around
Just long enough to get my gear.

There won't be any goodbye kisses
Well, I'm puttin' on my leavin' shoes
This is the end we're through it's over
Yeah, I'm bringin' home some good news.

Well, I was sittin' downtown in a tavern
And I made up my mind to go
And I knew you would be so glad to be free
I just thought to call you to let you know.

Oh, you can tell all your backdoor daddys
That your big daddy's done blew a fuse
This is the end, we're through, it's over
Yeah, I'm bringin' home some good news.

To you I been known as bad news
Well, I'm changin' my first name
And I'm givin' you your freedom baby
That old race won't kinda change.

Yeah, go to hide your lookman slippers
I won't be lookin' around for blues
This is the end, we're through, it's over
Yeah I'm bringin' home some good news.

Good news, there's some good news for you honey
I'm bringin' home some good news
I'm bringin' home some good news honey...

// Keep Me From Cryin' Today //

Hold me and love me
And tell me that you decided to stay
At least put it off till tomorrow
And keep me from cryin' today.

Help me make ready with the heartache
Rhat's soon will be coming my way
Consider how little I'm asking of you
And keep me from cryin' today.

Keep me from cryin' today
Help me forget in your own special way
Let's save our goodbyes for tomorrow
And keep me from cryin' today.

Let's save our goodbyes for tomorrow
And keep me from cryin' today...

// I Just Want To Look At You One More Time //

I just wanna look at you one more time
I'll always like to know how much I leave behind
Let this be the picture that I'll always have in mind
I just wanna look at you one more time.

If I can't do you right I'll never do you wrong
That's why I think it's best for me to move along
I won't ever be myself unless I'm free to roam
Give me one last moment here and I'll be gone.

I just wanna look at you one more time
I'll always like to know how much I leave behind
Let this be the picture that I'll always have in mind
I just wanna look at you one more time.

I just wanna look at you one more time
I'll always like to know how much I leave behind
Let this be the picture that I'll always have in mind
I just wanna look at you one more time...

// Somewhere On Skid Row //

I'm gonna lose myself somewhere on skid row
Since I lost you I just don't seem to care
I'm gonna lose myself somewhere on Skid Row
So the wine won't let your mem'ry find me there.

Well, I've been everywhere running both day and night
With the pain of loving you right close behind
And I've tried everything and whether I'm wrong or right
There's just one way I found to ease my mind.

And I'm gonna lose myself somewhere on skid row
Since I lost you I just don't seem to care
I'm gonna lose myself somewhere on Skid Row
So the wine won't let your mem'ry find me there...

// I'm Free //

Though I haven't got a penny to my name
I've got wealth beyond compare just the same
In my mind the greatest treasure there could be
Just to live the way I live because I'm free.

I'm not bound to anyone that takes my time
Or pleasures that will pray up on my mind
And I walk the roads and do just as I please
My life belongs to me cause I'm free.

I'm free from social ties that tend to bind me
Or to live the life that wasn't meant for me
Competing for the things that have no meaning
I'm wealthy in my mind because I'm free.

The ribbons of the land that keep me a knowing
There's always something new for me to see
A whistle in the wind then I'll be going
To live the way I live because I'm free.

Though I haven't got a penny to my name
I've got wealth beyond compare just the same
In my mind the greatest treasure there could be
Just to live the way I live because I'm free...

// I Think We're Livin' In The Good Old Days //

I think we're livin' in the good old days
So cheer up friends and be glad
I think we're livin' in the good old days
The best anybody's ever had.

We think we're doin' now maybe day or less later
So let's live it up all the way
And let's make the life one more night to remember
Tomorrow we'll look back on today.

I think we're livin' in the good old days
So cheer up friends and be glad
I think we're livin' in the good old days
The best anybody's ever had.

Well, when I hear people talkin' bout the good old days
That's one thing I can't understand
Well while I take advantage of today and tomorrow
And let's live it up while we can.

I think we're livin' in the good old days
So cheer up friends and be glad
I think we're livin' in the good old days
The best anybody's ever had...

