Album: WhenDreamAndDayUnite

// A Fortune In Lies //

For the first time in a long time
Everything was right in my world
And then I woke up

I can remember when in the unity of our five-day sessions
Not even once did we hear the siren song
What kind of imagination, asleep in some lyrical coma
Who's vain futile memory could have been so wrong?

You can make a fortune in lies
You can keep a giant alive
You can ride the red
Until everybody smiles

A trifling euphoria was such an untimely religion
Maybe your life can explain the reason for my indecision
Here is a poor man, the heart of this monster creation
He said we both will be heroes and I was led into temptation

You can make a fortune in lies
You can keep a giant alive
You can ride the red
Until everybody smiles

Can you show me your gold and your silver?
A hero in frozen water

Now you've made a fortune in lies
And you kept a giant alive
You rode the red, you rode the red!

// Status Seeker //

Heart sick at the sight of the status seeker
In a sense I'm not beyond reproach
The aspiration to drop a name when any rose might smell the same
Maybe you'll figure it out someday
I want to know you now, you know I've always believed in you

Nothing is sacred, you draw the bottom line with a dollar sign
Change of opinion at the drop of a dime
Graceless intrusion, are you sanctified in your judgment of me?
All that I deserve is what you were unable to see

In a garden where the seeds were spilled
I favored the few that stood strong in the sun
As I reached for the profit of my prize
I found I had trampled the forgotten ones

Nothing is sacred, you draw the bottom line with a dollar sign
Change of opinion at the drop of a dime
Graceless intrusion, are you sanctified in your judgment of me?
All that I deserve is what you were unable to see

You're running in circles and I'm turning away
You refused to believe, now I'm turning away

Nothing is sacred, you draw the bottom line with a dollar sign
Change of opinion at the drop of a dime
Graceless intrusion, are you sanctified in your judgment of me?
All that I deserve is what you were unable to see

You're running in circles and I'm turning away
You refused to believe, now I'm turning away

// The Killing Hand //

[I. The Observance]

An Angel's kiss now fallen
Descending scarlet cuts the sky
Faded names left on the wall
Honor the fighting, leave life to die

Remembered is the sacrifice but no praisal of blood still flowing
Who were the leaders?
What controlled the Killing Hand that caused this mourning?
Crossing over

[II. Ancient Renewal]

Lowered deep into the sea
Being awaits to cleanse his soul
Senses weakening time is still
Motionless by stiffening cold
The wheels race back and scorch his mind
Travelling all to find the land
Revelation warms a touch
And now he will begin to understand

[III. The Stray Seed]

Extended a view to yesterday
Manifestation for none the same
Walking amidst a frightening still
No sound, no smoke, no scorching flames

He is risen

Sipping his poison the raven sings
Yet another to add more bodies fallen
King from below, this one controls
The Killing Hand that caused this mourning

Is it all over?
Is it all over?

[IV. Thorns]

Evil genius this secret plan
Mercy dealt with the losing hand
Will he ever fall? Can he end it all?
Our savior must make his stand

Only a Prophet of years to come
Wanting mortality I'm all alone
He heard my voice, it was my choice
I've stopped the Killing Hand

[V. Exodus]

When I go back again
Will it be the same?
I've stopped the cries but now they know my name

The sea is calling me
My spirit must return
As I get closer
Was it really worth what I have learned?

I'm in the valley and the saddened chimes I hear
Race towards the wall to find: One more name appear
No one is left now, my one and only land
I laugh at what I've done, I am the Killing Hand

// Light Fuse And Get Away //

Would you like to sit and talk to me
About the way things change so suddenly
When your senses come and the feeling goes?
Can you remember feeling much too close?
Stop your hands from shaking, look at me
Are your senses racing endlessly
Tracing past impressions? So were mine
Have you ever been used or will this be the first time?

It's come so clear to me
Light fuse and get away
No gain, no pain, it's a fatal game
And the true lose everything
I can see what trust and loyalty have done for me
Falling miles from the mark
With a thirst for revenge and a dangerous heart

I've tried to wash from memory
Feelings of betrayal and the incidents
That plague me since I lost my sense of innocence
A history of changes now I'm loving
Now I'm losing keeps me constantly
In fear of hearing "I can't see where this is going"
You lie alone with the memory
Feeling the ceiling and walls closing in on
Your conscience – my ally
The guilt – your affliction
From preying on praise as you fed an attention addiction

Someone told me
Light fuse and get away
No gain, no pain
And when it's lust to dust you can crawl from the wreckage
I can see what trust and loyalty have done for me
Lying bleeding in the dark
With a thirst for revenge and a dangerous heart

It's come so clear to me
Light fuse and get away
No gain, no pain
It's a fatal game and the true lose everything
I can see what trust and loyalty have done for me
Falling miles from the mark
With a thirst for revenge and a dangerous heart

Light fuse and get away
No gain, no pain
And when it's lust to dust you can crawl from the wreckage
I can see what trust and loyalty have done for me
Lying bleeding in the dark
With a thirst for revenge and a dangerous heart

// Afterlife //

I touched with one who made me run
Away from my own soul
In this world with its many illusions
We are moving like mice through a maze

And now I find what's left behind
Has served to make me whole
Full of doubt, deception, and delusion
Seeking purpose to all earthly days
I search within beneath a skin
That bears both pleasure and pain
In a world full of constant confusion
I will not be a par to the craze

In the afterlife will dark be bright?
Will cold be warm?
Will the day have no night?
In the afterlife will the blind have sight?
In the afterlife

Behind closed eyes some comfort lies
In knowing the truth never spoken
Through this world with us, hidden conclusion
We'll keep moving like mice through a maze

In the afterlife will dark be bright?
Will cold be warm?
Will the day have no night?
In the afterlife will the blind have sight?
In the afterlife

In the afterlife will dark be bright?
Will cold be warm?
Will the day have no night?
In the afterlife will the blind have sight?
In the afterlife

// The Ones Who Help To Set The Sun //

Watching my window I was led like a child
As the roadway lamplights misguided my mind through the night
A shadow of limits, we were racing the rain
My hands held the wheel, my eyes tried to hold their place
There must have been a time when I thought that you were watching
It had to be when my senses lost control
I thought I'd slipped away, I thought I could still feel us moving
It must have been a cloud no bigger than a man's hand
Every reason I risk my life to come back to you
Is locked behind your door, you're my immunity
Outside I watched you burn, heavy hearts were bleeding
A cry for help, a familiar voice my melting hands streaked the glass
As I walked away, I wondered what had really happened
Had I run out of time, did I push myself too far
As my last step fell, I felt my hands upon the wheel
Had I come back to life, or did I ever leave at all

In higher lives we seem to be always a moment too late
We're past the time, when we looked on
Now we're the one who help to set the sun

This time for real I locked the door behind me
My mind was still a wreck from what I saw
For when my hands are still, I'll recognize the message
Never again will my senses lose control

In higher lives we seem to be always a moment too late
We're past the time, when we looked on
Now we're the one who help to set the sun

// Only A Matter Of Time //

A suited man smiled, said: It's just a matter of time
You can have the world at your feet by tomorrow
Just sign on this line
Hold tight, limelight!
Approaching the paramount with the sun in our eyes
Fearing family ties, legalies compromise
In a dimly lit room with a stool as his stage
A dream-stricken prince of a pauper's descent
Haunts the eavesdropping silence that presses his window
As he sweats a performance to an audience that ticks on the wall

To the practical observer it's just a matter of time
You can deviate from the commonplace only to fall back in line
I understand mine's a risky plan and your system can't miss
But is security after all a cause or symptom of happiness?

Brave, yet afraid, his eyes on horizon
In a steady-set gaze
A mariner soon from an open cocoon
Takes a moment to summon his courage
To stifle his grave apprehension and trembling, approaches the surf

A father's benediction as his hopeful son departs
To brave the sea of rage and conquer at all costs
Lingers in his memory and visions still surviving in a logic-proof shell
That should have been held sacred, safe and hidden well
Are compromised in usury
With every rising sun that yields no sight of land
The hesitation cultivates within the tired man
And rumors spread of mutiny
And though the time will come when dream and day unite
Tonight the only consolation causing him to fight
Is fearless faith in destiny

Even when plans fall to pieces
I can still find the courage with promise I've found in my faith

Likely or not, it's a dream that we keep and at odds with our senses we'll climb
But if faith is the answer, we've already reached it
And if spirit's a sign, then it's only a matter of time
Only a matter of time

