Album: Goblin

// Goblin //

You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone. You don't even have the balls to begin with. What you need is me, someone to talk to, uh, it's been a while since our last session. So, tell me what's been going on

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit
These mothafuckas think I'm 'sposed to live up to something? Shit
I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy 'cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (as you should)
Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked
Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (that's not your fault)
But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple Hot Pockets and grandma could stop cooking
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?

"Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you guys caught me, I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied"
"You know, you just want attention, you'll be fine"
"I try too hard, huh?"
"No, you don't"

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make "Parade" or "Inglorious"
Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver (here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they full of flavor

"Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? Why they got to fucking hate?"
"I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature, everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that."
"I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy, I can barely kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time when you're at home?"
"What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing?"
"I have, I mean you're a great person."
"I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?"

People excited, thinking shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blasting off? (No...)
Fuck that, (Yeah) These niggas ain't fucking with me
Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (I love that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it, (They don't, it's not made for them) cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him

"It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a bad
"I'm not homophobic."
"I mean, I don't think you are but..."
"Faggot."
"Alright, well, since the last time we..."
"The fuck is a good performance? I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can."
"I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun. But your Twitter posts, just.. I mean, they're really random and it's ADD."
"Who doesn't have ADD..? Well, I don't."
"I mean, sometimes, you just say really outlandish things and we just want to know, what's the problem for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."

Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended
They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed (What?) his AK-47
At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men—I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you.)
College wasn't working and I wasn't working
So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you...)
Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother something on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I...)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em
(I believe you) All you fucking lames don't have to like me
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee

Whoa, umm, alright, uh, so you was telling me you went to New York

// Yonkers //

Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, go

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (Haha)
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (Hey)
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (Haha)

Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again, another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead

// Radicals //

Random disclaimer!
Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay?
It's fucking fiction
If anything happens, don't fucking blame me
White America, fuck Bill O'Reilly
Four, three, two, one

What the fuck I look like? Saying I'm sorry
To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me?
I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations
By the way, I got sixty fucking wolves that'll guard me
That skate hard, Thrash' black hoodies, try something
Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring

And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang
We came together cause
We ain't have nobody else
Do you?
You just might be one of us
Are you?

Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rockstar
Rebel and defiance makes my motherfucking cock hard
Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards
Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard
I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom)
I ain't got no motherfucking daddy, he ain't teach me shit
Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything

Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right)
They want us to go to they schools and
Be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit
Fuck that
Do what the fuck makes you happy
'Cause at the end
Who's there? You

Fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

You hear that, nigga?
That's cult shit right there, nigga
Wolf Gang!
Fuck everybody else, nigga!
Stand for something, get money, nigga!
Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we sixty deep
Fuck with me, nigga
Odd Future, nigga
Stand the fuck up!
I'm not saying just to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes
What I'm trying to tell you is
Do what the fuck you want
Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want
I'm a fucking unicorn
And fuck anybody, who say I'm not
Wolf Gang

Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go

You gotta let these shits go, man. It's not making sense to you right now, but... all these little dreams you got, they're not shit. All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit... getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it. Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger. You gotta look at reality, understand that shit, so you don't get caught. I'm just being real
Nigga, fuck you
I'm just trying to help you, man, trust me
Look, I mature day after day, nigga, you don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist
Whatever

// She //

[Frank Ocean:]
Golden rubbers in these denim pockets (Denim pockets)
On my waist, there's a black Glock (Black Glock)
New girl moved on the block (On the block)
She been plottin' on my brown cock (Brown cock)
Last night I slept over hers (Over hers)
During sex, I overheard (I overheard)
A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na
Rolled off the bed, then shot back, pow-pow
Blood on the sheets, probably spillin' from my gash
Looked out the glass, seen him sprintin' on the grass
A real ninja, with the blade and the mask
Had them gold ninja stars, and red Supreme nunchuks
Now she tryna patch me up, but
Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust
If that's your ex, you should probably own a pistol
But I'm guessin' it's wiser to exit with dude

[Frank Ocean & Tyler, The Creator:]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga with intentions that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one (Nope)
But I give two for us 'cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top, I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn from Adventure Time

[Frank Ocean:]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window

[Tyler, The Creator:]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous

Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

[Frank Ocean:]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
He's at your window

[Tyler, The Creator:]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous

// Transylvania //

Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

Goddamn, I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don't shine
Bitch, don't mind me, shake your hiney!
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You're a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what's that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (Aw, fuck it!)
I'll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that's not from the time signature of the month, umm

(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula's dick

Goddamn, I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes (What?)
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwiches
Transylvania crypt, let's take a tour
Bitch, try getting through that black trapdoor
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that'll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped up for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy!
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I'm allergic?!
(I like your cape!) Oh, this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp, and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can't eat pussy 'cause I might leave cuts
Then there's blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don't want a bride, I just want bone marrow (Oh shit!)

(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch!
Don't got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula's dick

Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It's a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain't acting right
(It's because) I'm Dracula, bitch! (swag, swag, swag)
(It's because) Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, Golf Wang
It's the fucking (Golf Wang)
It's the fucking (Golf Wang)
I am from the (Golf Wang)
Nigga, this is (Golf Wang)
Fucking faggot (Golf Wang!)
Kill them bitches, (Golf Wang!)
There's no one like us, (Golf Wang!)
Fucking niggas, I am from the (Golf Wang)
Golf Wang!

// Nightmare //

So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well
Well, first off

My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

Tyler, here's some water, man. You seem a little tense. How's Thebe?

All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm going in flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

(Calm down, man)
Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat

// Tron Cat //

La, la, la, la, la, la, la
Ah!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang!)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us (Bitch!)
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead, I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper, nor a rapist, nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the Asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours (Umbrella)
I hate this, screaming, "Fuck patience!"
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest, fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler, The Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yeah (Wolf Gang)
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga's sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?

// Her //

Oh, I don't need the metronome, bro
Ayy
Kahn-da-muh duh-cay
When you wanna be, ahh
When you eat all the cheese
In the store, in the store, in the store
In the store, yeah, yeah yeah
Alright

(It's this girl)
She lives next door
To the store that I loiter at
We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy
And if we text I get pissed when I get no reply
(It's this girl)
I know that she's the key to love
She is who I'm thinking of when I am beating Richard up
To mental images—her face look
The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on Facebook
(This girl)
Video chats are so exciting
'Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy
I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me
She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (Arrrrgh!)
(It's this girl)
I see her in class
Not really, two doors down, but anytime that I pass
To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall
Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick
My left hand on her tits, ah, my shit's getting hard
From thoughts of dating this bitch

(It's this girl)
Her name is my password
Fuck

(This girl)
All my niggas got they bitches and stuff
But all the bitches they fuck are known as bitches and sluts
And she's special, I know to y'all, I come off as rough
But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur
A relation: I want the cheesy dates at the movies
And stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup
I never had that, so when we holding hands walking home
I look past that, the fact that she's fucking guys that I hate, but
(This girl)
Things are looking great, cut copy
Last time we talked, she said that her relationship was rocky (Action)
Now that Mr. Faggot's gone, there's no one that can stop me
From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy
(Girl)
Next day, metro's taking me home
I see her in the cut at Wendy's; she's not alone (Fuck)
Who's that guy? Wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? (Shit)
Come to find out she got back with her nigga

(Damn!)
Fuck
(It's this girl)
Another one
It's not the first time

(It's this girl)
She's so pretty
Fuck self-pity, I feel so shitty
I wanna text her in a jealous rage
But if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile, I know
What do I do with myself?
Sit in my room for some days?
Play Xbox with piles full of wet socks? Fuck that
(Girl)

My nigga ask, "Ace, what happened to such-and-such?"
I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked ("Yeah, I fucked!")
Or I could tell him the truth and just say she ain't like me much
But instead, I lie and say she moved to Nebraska

(It's this girl)
But she's not mine

// Sandwitches //

[Tyler:]
Odd Future
Wolf Gang
They are them
We are us
Kill them all (Do it with me)
Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, come on
Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, bitch, bitch over there in the yellow, come on
Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Say it loud!
Like you mean it!
Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Nigga had the fucking nerve to call me immature
Fuck you think I made Odd Future for?
To wear fucking suits and make good decisions?
Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang

Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!)
Well, you fucking up, and truthfully I had enough
And fuck rolling papers, I'm a rebel, bitch, I'm ashing blunts (Sorry)
Full of shit, like I ate that john
Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong
Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom
With nice homes, 401ks, and nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to learn that we ain't taking no shit
Like Ellen DeGeneres clitoris is playing with dick
I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to
So, if you do, I'm throwing fingers out screaming "fuck you"
I got ten of these Kennedy's
Not Dom, but if I was a Dahm, I would be Jeffery
'Preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
I'm fucking 'bout it, 'bout it, like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucking immaculate, the way your daughter smacking dicks
Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley-oop
The Golf Wang hooligans is fucking up the school again
And showing you and yours that breaking rules is fucking cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm shoving blunt wraps in bitches ovaries
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be
Fuck a mask, I want that ho to know it's me, ugh

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

[Hodgy:]
My love is gone for you mami, you could ride in hearses
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this?
You told me life would never, ever, ever get this perfect
Then you smoke a J of weed, and take his kids to the churches
Uh, fuck church, they singing and the shit ain't even worth it
In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch
You told me God was the answer
When I ask him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer
I'm stuck in triangles, looking for my angel
Kill me with a chainsaw, and let my balls dangle
Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

It was hilarious, well it ain't fucking funny now
I'll push this fucking pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground
I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fucking pounds
"My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds"
Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks
I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank

[Tyler:]
Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks
Um, Wolf Gang, that's the fucking clique
Golf Wang kill them all nigga, triple six
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggas bitches
We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fucking with, bitch

And we don't fucking make horrorcore, you fucking idiots
Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box, Wolf Gang

// Fish //

Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fuckin' and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink, go

[Syd & Tyler, The Creator:]
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, ohh (Fish!)
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh
(Yeah) Oh, oh (Wolf Gang)
(Wolf Haley) Oh, ohh (How you doin'?)
(All good?) Oh, oh (Cool)
(We cool?) Oh, ohh (I'm upset)

Bitches running 'round down, pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping (In my living room)
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms (Mushrooms)
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, ohh (Fish!)
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh

[Frank Ocean (Tyler, The Creator)::]
(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth (Thank you Momma, thank you Momma, fish!)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah (Yeah)

Got to wash it down, all this gold is fuckin' bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can't get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You're fucking wet, fish

// Boppin' Bitch //

So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause
She a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause
She a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin'

This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she's a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause
She a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because
She a boppin' bitch, she a boppin' bitch (That's right), she's a boppin' bitch, she's a boppin'

This little hoodrat started jockin' at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn't feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

Now, now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can't fuck with this bitch, y'all? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
'Cause my dick is swollen and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'ma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)
Bitch (She a boppin' bitch)
She a boppin' bitch

Where's my gun? (She boppin') I'ma kill this bitch
Why am I gon' kill this bitch?
To all my niggas out there listenin', that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt

// Analog //

[Tyler:]
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we can eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you can bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

[Hodgy:]
I'm give it to her, she wants that summer time
I'm give it like no other cause she knows I'm hers
Damn right she's mine, we both know it
So when we separate everything fine, her phone ringin' in her purse
Damn right it's me, I'm her nigga, nigga
Come for mines in summer time, I'ma bust that trigger, nigga
Catch us Venice beachin', she wanna go shopping
Sun down after club cause she like to get it popping
Sangria on my freed mind, cause she likes to get it popping
No ecstasy for her, but she wanna get it popping
Drop topping, I measure her pleasure
Then drop in, when she get out of place I quantinize
She is my concubine, I am her porcupine
I poke her face her throat for taste, give me head like I'm on her mind
I know her analyzation, so when she try to fake
Summer time in the boat of love, meet me by the lake

[Tyler:]
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we could eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you could bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket
And brought some extra towels if anyone was asking
We should take a dip in that lake quick and then split
Then do something that's beyond what we both can imagine

Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, grab a drink
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, look in the sky
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, we never have to leave
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (We can stay here)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (All night long)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (Look)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (Let's go to sleep)
We're here, all night, school is in session
Look, you know, the water's pretty deep, let's go to sleep

// Bitch Suck Dick //

[Jasper Dolphin:]
Oh, shit (Swag)
Three icy ass niggas from Odd Future doin' some crazy shit (Bitch)
By the way, we do punch bitches, huh

I'm a swagging, bitch (Swag), I'm iced out (Iced out)
Oh, you mad, bitch? (Bitch) 'Cause I'm laying on the couch (Woo)
Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch in the butt, I'm bossing (Bow, bow)
Don't give a fuck, I never roll Slauson
I'm fly, bitch, I should poke you in your eye, bitch
Got the burner, bitch, bow, bow (Bow)
You dead, bitch, I'm hot as fuck
I ain't never cold, but I'm icy, bitch (Woo)

My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick (Bow, bow, bow)
My bitch suck dick like (What) she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick (Bow, bow)

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Got the bops in the house, socking bitches in they mouth (Bitch)
See my neck? Iced the fuck out (I'm getting money, nigga)
She at the fucking mall, forty bitches on my nutsack
I pulled up on a mothafuckin' unicorn (I'm getting ponies, nigga)
Wolf Gang, nigga
Scream that 'til they motherfucking show me death
Golf Wang, nigga
Free Earl, better show some motherfucking respect
All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick
Gun to her head, make your bitch massage my shoulders

[Jasper Dolphin:]
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick (Bow, bow, bow)
My bitch suck dick like (What) she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick (Bow, bow)

[Travis Taco:]
Shut up, bitch (Shut up, bitch), suck my dick (Suck my nuts)
You fucking bop (Bitch), you better swallow it
I got a chain with a fuckin' platinum plaque on it
Is that a hundred dollar bill? I'll shit on it
I bought a fucking whale, 'cause I'm ballin' (Ow)
Your bitch work for me, she my dick washer
Swag on my dick, 30 thousand million, nigga

[Jasper Dolphin:]
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick (Goddamn)

You bopping, bitch, (Question mark) you like this dick?
We all know why, 'cause you's a boppin' bitch (Bow, bow, bow)
I got the burner, I pop you in your lip (Bow, bow)
Zoom-zoom, yeah, I'm going fast, bitch
I'm loud as fuck (I'm loud as fuck), I'm ignorant (Ignorant)
Punch a bitch in her mouth just for talkin' shit
You lurking, bitch? Well, I see that shit
Once again, I gotta punch a bitch in her shit
I'm icy, bitch, don't look at my wrist (At my wrist)
Because if you do (If you do), I might blind you bitch (Bitch)
Mount Everest ain't fucking with my fucking wrist
Fuck global warming, this the Ice Age, bitch (Bitch suck dick)

[Tyler, the Creator and Jasper Dolphin:]
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Yo, yo, Jasper, Taco, y'all my niggas, man
I love y'all niggas, I'm sorry

Ow! What the fuck?!

// Window //

[Dr. TC:]
Tyler, we, ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends here to talk to you
Because they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

[Domo Genesis:]
It was all a dream, I used to read Complex magazines
When I rhyme, I'm tryna get pictures in High Times
Smoke trees and see my dreams hanging in the skyline
Swanton bomb off the bed into a fine dime
In my mind, I'm just tryna smoke the finest
And get high sticking bad heinas in vaginas
I'm the flyest when it come to this, fire when I come to spit
I am getting higher when the lighter comes in front of this
I'm a stoner, yeah, yeah, yeah, you get the picture now
30 thousand feet gon' make it hard for me to simmer down
Another flight, another beat, another city, wow!
Thus another couple bitches crying when I kick 'em out
Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at?
We on top of the world, where we at?
We on top of the world, where we at?

[Frank Ocean:]
And five minutes from suicide, I biked it to the park
I walked onto the block, met a guy, burgundy 'Preme snap-back
Hurling himself at cars, and flirting with blonde Cadillacs
All was gray, all was gray, Frankie had the blues in fact
Bunch of pale hipster girls, pretty, but they booty flat
Teenage males, couldn't tell I was going through it
Had a wallet full of cream, Amex Green, Bimmer almost black
Parked in front the studio Bastard's recorded at
Earl, Gilbert, Tyler, Hodgy, Domo, Left, Taco, Nakel
Sydney, Lionel, Juan, Michael, Jasper, Hal and Matt
Bet I'm missing several but I had to bring that pattern back
We live inside a house that says "Fuck 'em!" on the welcome mat
Deep inside the ear canals of Bill O'Reilly's daughter, that's where I'm at
Now, where we at? Where we at? Wolf Gang, where we at? (Wolf Gang)

[Hodgy:]
Swell motions get promotions, to my whole team
Hell yeah, I smoke weed 'cause I like to go green
Professor Beats educates niggas, let me proceed
Shine chandelier bright might make your nose bleeds
We at Randy's ordering that 306
Milk and glaze is the greed gold mix me
Your bitch is coming along, yeah, she hum to my song
Singing like they were for her, but they were for the blur
No longer, but we were in premature, immature
She's unsure, I'm for sure, blouse and dress and my shirt
On the floor then pick it up, out the door, door
Chased, an imaginary friend, a reverie absorption
Impregnate the dream 'til it has an abortion
Where we at? Where we at? Where we–
We on top of the world, on top of the world
Nigga, top of the world

[Mike G:]
Everything they say I'd never have, I'm seeing
Now, I bet they see that we balling like All-Star Weekend
Always been the most cool, they chase our shade
They say life switches pace when you got shit made
So I'm just tryna get paid, don't you remember the days
When your dreams were the only thing that kept you sane?
And too often they think that they could stop me
Now every show we makin' half a Maserati
And the only thing blocking me is paparazzi
Now it's gold Rolex's if they try to clock me
Everything stays in the box like fighters in hockey
Miss me if you're thinking we slack, work hard
I got the world saying every single Friday is black
Took your bitch, you ain't getting her back, 'cause she know
Where we at, nigga? Where we at, nigga?
Uh, we on top of the world, on top of the world

[Tyler, The Creator:]
Where we at, where we at, niggas? Where we at?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth, Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying "Fuck everybody", I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home, but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do, Clancy and David are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully, I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully, I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining, making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
"Can we get backstage, man?" — No, faggot, it's sold out!
"Come on, why you holding out? I thought we was boys
Without me, you wouldn't be Tyler, The Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots!"
But I'm a fucking unicorn! — Whatever, man
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full Monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
"Here's some 'Give a Fuck' cake" — Oh, maybe I should have some
"Asshole, have none!"
How can I wake up on the wrong side of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
("Shit, I don't know")
When I'm on that stage, I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
In school, I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah, I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building!

[Tyler The Creator, Hodgy:]
Fuck, take this!
Nigga, what the f— (Hodgy)
Nigga, what the fuck are you doin'? You just gon—
Nig— hold on, hold on, nigga, can— (I'm sorry)
Ay, nigga, all the shit that we been through, can we just fuckin' talk about this? (I'm sorry)
Nigga, you just gon' shoot me in my moth—
I'm sorry, fuck... the fuck did I just do? Fuck! Ah shit!
Tyler... (Fuck, man) Tyler, give me the gun
(Ah fuck) Give me the gun. (The fuck, man? The fuck?)
It's gonna be alright (Ah fuck man, I'm fucked, I'm so fucked! Ah shit!)
It's fine, Tyler, believe me
I don't know why the f— I don't know what the fuck I was thinking, man, I don't f—
It's gonna be okay (Ohh fuck dude M— Ahh)
I gotta hide the fuckin— I can't hide the fuckin' bodies
I'm here to help. I'm your friend
(Now w—) You were supposed to fuckin' help me!
I'm here to help you, Tyler. (The fuck!)
Calm down, I'm here to help you. (Fuck! Agh!)
I'm your friend
You're in your good space with me. We'll figure all of this out. You don't have to worry about a thing

// Golden //

[Dr. TC:]
Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems
And, this— This is... This is the end of this session. Let's... Anything else you've gotta say?

[Tyler, The Creator & Dr. TC:]
Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more than I see her
Before I go on tour, and it hurts (Yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now, it turned into work
And getting legal, so I gotta watch the shit that I blurt out
As you should, that shit's outrageous
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my muh'fuckin' eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets dis-gur-sting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
I'm here to talk to you
I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant
Who, Travis?
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album; I'm missing my only friend

You have everyone around you
You have thirty meetings a day
I don't see what it is
I mean, you— you act like you don't have anyone to talk to
I'm here for you. I'm your friend
When I say "Odd," y'all say "Future!"
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck
Fuck!
You're doin' good, you have a cult following
You're— "Yonkers"
Tch— To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi, but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen, with a La-ti'
So while my wallets piling with symbolic-colored paper
I lace her, 'cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
Twenty, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably 'cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning, schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops! I mean "bastard," skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her master's
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard (Yeah?)
Start a fucking cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

All right, just calm down
That ain't shit, man
Now, don't— don't— don't make yourself feel guilty
That— That article was great
No, fuck that, nigga
You're beating yourself up and you're living the fucking life right now, kid!
When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now
Fuck that, fuck all this shit!
You— You— You act like I'm not here
You're not!
I'm exactly who you're supposed to be talking to
You don't fucking help me with shit!
You don't help me with shit! Fuck!
Yeah, you get... That— That— Who wouldn't do that?
Fuck you! Fuck, you!
Who wouldn't— Who wouldn't shoot their friend?
Old fucking fuck!
That's fine, it's not your fault
I killed my fucking friends! Fuck!
(We're gonna need security in here, and, uh...)
Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
(Gonna need something to calm him down)
I'm— I'm not fucking crazy— I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!
(Yes, come quick, he's losing it)
No, fuck this shit!
Tyler, calm down!

I'ma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
'Cause I can't even choose between Ortega or Sabrina
Get security in here
And I'm not even human, I'm a body-shaped demon
With some semen in my sack, and some problems in the back
Calm the fuck down!
And a life that's fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that's filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!), like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse
And the parents of the one that's getting married has a curse
And it's made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse, but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that's in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse You don't want to do this
So they tied the knot; now it's too late to reverse this arrangement
Yes, it is!
And the nurse is amazed at the hurt that he was pained and
Calm the fuck down!
But it was obvious in all the photos he was painting
Now, a bunch of whispering immerse

[Dr. TC, Tyler, The Creator, Security Guard & Nurse:]
Yeah, he's right there, security's right there
Shit! No! Get away from me!
Get him
And then, the nurse blurts
Come here
What the fuck is his problem?
Here, we have two doses to give him, here
Why didn't anybody ask him first?
Get on the ground!
Hold him down
I've been asking you this whole time, Tyler
Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!
Come here, motherfucker!
Because nobody gave a fuck
Get the fuck off of me
Someone gave a fuck, Tyler, and, uh
The person that gave a fuck was me
See, you're not going crazy
It's me
I'm your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You've been helping yourself this whole time
Your friends? They're just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See, Tyler, I'm your conscience
I'm Tron Cat
I'm Ace
I'm Wolf Haley
I'm
Me

// Burger //

Uh, Jesus, heheh

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Nigga this is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
So I would really shoot a group of guys up
Deep thought I'm often lost in (Fuck it)
Put me next to awesome
Still can't tell the difference
Just like Asians with their eyes shut
Butt fuck a couple Rots
In the Wendy's parking lot
Barking at the sight of light from my bright sparkling
Cock-a-doodle
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a black Bape spaghetti strap made of Ramen noodles
My bitch is bad
Mixed with a thicky ass
Get my dicky rocky
This will end up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kicking ass
Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy, I am ditching class
I rather be happy than fucking forty
So fuck the teacher's lecture I'm having Sydney record me
For the 2Dope– (They didn't like it)
Oh well
Let's get XXL to write us a fucking story

[Hodgy:]
It's sitting right in my lap, I see it
Scribbled across the lines, I read it
I'm the fucking poet who knows it
You know it, you bogus
Comprehend the language
You scared of war? I'm all anxious
We got the Angus if you want beef
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Slice the onions)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Put on the cheese)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Where's the barbeque sauce?)
Now have that burger, eat it fast nigga

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Fucking aw, get you some
Obviously intended pun
Same time it took Jason Dill to get the stitching done
Custom made, one of one
Sold out Roxy performance
Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform Sandwitches
Started back in fucking London
Cracker children wanted something
They could bump and punch a bunch of fucking faces
(Stomp 'em out)
Moshing pits to breaking arms
Zombie Circus not a carn–
Evil wolves is on the farm
And were all evil harmed
Any sheep creep
Quiet tendered sleep
Make a peep
Fucking body will go missing in a week
Roam around the city with her titties like a fucking Greek
God
Bastard was the shit, explains why it never leaked
I am coming of my age with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from the sky, the only problem is the missing beak
(Once I have my wings and my motherfucking chain)
Oh, that's the black talking in me
Let me down a couple cups of bleach

[Hodgy:]
It's sitting right in my lap, I see it
Scribbled across the lines, I read it
I'm the fucking poet who knows it
You know it, you bogus
Comprehend the language
You scared of war? I'm all anxious
We got the Angus if you want beef
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Slice the onions)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Put on the cheese)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Where's the barbeque sauce?)
Now have that burger, eat it fast nigga

[Tyler, the Creator:]
Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree lick a couple pimple covered clits
From some stripping lesbian dykes that fight niggas
That like to rap about those dykes that fight niggas
Alright
Enough with this shit, let's talk business
Acquire more currency, disregard bitches
Go to Shake's house and play Goblin in his kitchen
Then force him and his mom to listen to track six, then
If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fucking dick and
Put it in the cabinet where the fucking cookies and chips is
Take a bunch of pictures, and
Post 'em on my Twitter, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like "Faggot, when we perfomin'?"
Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggas start stormin'
On the stage
In a rage that will scare Zack Rocha
Better get ya tanks before this wolf war's over
History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier

// Steak Sauce //

Rollin' in a golden Tacoma, the shit's stolen
If that bitch tell on me, I'ma do a fuckin' drive-by in her colon with my meat
Gotta keep it obsolete like Chris Brown when Rihanna got her fuckin' ass beat
Fuck Jeeves ask me for advice, if I'm not reading a Vice
I'm squatting down, picking cracker bitches scalp for some lice
Everything that I write is dope because the pipe
And nope you can't have a hit unless you gimme the light
We be burning Dutty Rocks with a light switch
Bitch nigga, you about as hard as a dike's clit
I'm going as hard as Bishop Eddie Long's John
After I bought a Sidekick and sent that fag some nice pics
They say I try too goddamn hard
No shit, I want a Grammy you damn retard
You can't be great when you settle for a flea bargain
Unless you're a thrift hipster bitch in a leotard
Painless
Hodgy lost his motherfucking mind because the brain left
Wolf Gang got the ink on me now it's banged out
Box Logo hoodie, still haven't got the stains out
Congress
I guess I'm fuckin' with the best blondes
Um yes, I am now beating off to mom sex
Raquel is wrestling a prom dress
While me and Ray Charles have a fucking staring contest
To all the stepdads in here
Trip-six kids got you motherfucks scared
It could be worse, nigga that's absurd
Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryna butt fuck nerds
This just in, Tyler the Creator and Justin Bieber
Was just in the room flippin' Selena Gomez
Go 'head, give some, pucker up
I'll fuck her up until the kids come in, umm
After Tron Cat I got the rat shook
And I ain't even have a hook
For the white kids to sing along
I don't wanna sing a song, fuck that
Now cyberbully sissies on my little sisters Macbook
I got you niggas nervous like a Pop
Tryna ask his virgin, hot, vegan daughter where the cock goes
Wake up, wash ass, go and eat some Roscoe's
Head back to the studio to munch up on some tacos
When I was younger I was bitchin' and
Now I'm coming quicker than
The shit that's swimmin' in my sock hole
When them teeny boppers ain't around
So Johnson and Johnson baby lotion
Beat on my Johnson 'til my cock swole
Stop saying you're sick, shit is kinda old
I'm a fucking Herpe in a coma, you're a common cold
Have you heard my brother verse on Llama?
When that nigga's home
Me, him and Hodgy gonna take the game and
Get a stainless steel AK and aim it
To the fucking referees head and put his lifeless body
In a chokehold
Uh-oh, these niggas is loco
Best thing smokin' minus all of the tobacco
Still hard to be black, well
Malcolm X would be proud, this white bitch getting black-maled
Blue-eyed cracker named Jenny, and skinny
And Obama wanted change, I threw a couple fucking pennies at him
Just a chip off the old block
Chipped tooth ruth got some dick off my swole cock
'Cause I bag bitches, she's a zip off the old lock
And that's just a logo on the center of that old box
Oh stop, tryna be me, kids will go cop anything
That I put on from the gold watch to the boxers that I put on
Probably 'cause I'm going harder than erect cock dick filled with Botox
Oh shit, you're as hard as senior citizens dick
Oh fuck, don't slip, break hips and pop backs
Show some respect to old chaps with my left fist
'Cause I'm the next best spitting wreck that's left here
That's my ex bitch
Her? She's my next bitch
Have you met her mouth? No? Oh that's my bestest
Bestie, and she gets beastie
And she's my favorite babysitter cause the children never exit
I was taught to act my shoe size, I'm eleven and a half
Cock the umbrella cause when I spit Seven on your ass
It's gonna be mid-stage Coachella
Shake's faggot ass keep hatin'
But I work hard for the shit that I got
So it's still fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Planet Earth
All associates can suck cock

