Album: CurtainCallTheHits

// Just Don't Give A Fuck //

Whoa, a-get your hands in the air
And get to clappin' 'em and, like, back and forth
Because a-this is what you thought it wasn't
It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O, the double G
And check out my man, he goes by the name of, um, er

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi, Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson (Pssh)
The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck)
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
('Cause I just don't give a fuck)

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin'
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an afghan

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck)
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
('Cause I just don't give a fuck)

Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out)
I'm a caged demon
On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend
Shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin' style just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school, I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush
Doin' too much rush, had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck)
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
('Cause I just don't give a fuck)

(Shit, fuck everybody)
Outsiderz, Pacewon, Young Zee (Fuck the entire world)
D.U.

// My Name Is //

[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"

Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

// Guilty Conscience //

Meet Eddie, 23 years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going
(Damn, I'm going fucking insane)
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I gotta take this shit, I can't take it no more, holmes)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
(Shit is mine)
And suddenly (I gotta do this)
His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this)

Alright, stop (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

That's nonsense
Go in, and gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
(Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns
Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right)
Not over this shit (Stop)
Drop the biscuit (I will)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude

Come on, just come in here for a minute
I don't know
Look, look, look
Damn
Look, it's gonna be alright, alright?
O-okay
Look, give me a kiss, pull your pants off, come on

Meet Stan, 21 years old
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
Once again, his conscience comes into play

Now, listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? (Uh-huh)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog, then bail

Here I lay
(Man, it feels good to be home)
Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker
After coming home from a hard day's work
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man
(What the fuck?) Grady

Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work, she's with some dude tryna get off
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?
What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick?
Tsh, alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
What you say?
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
I'ma kill you, motherfucker
Uh-uh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A., Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?

// Role Model //

Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check, one-two, we recordin'?

I'm cancerous, so when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fuckin' legs 'til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
'Cause when I smoke out, I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Oh no) So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out (C'mere) his blond dreads (Fuck you)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les'
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
'Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now, follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms, then OD
Now, don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both, then smeared blood on the white Bronco
(We did it) My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm runnin' out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel (That shovel)
Will someone please explain to my brain
That I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
'Cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
'Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I've been with ten women who got HIV
Now, don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me

// Kill You //

When I was just a little baby boy,
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me

But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!

These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you

Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother,
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"

You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn!

Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch I'mma kill you!
Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em

I ain't "acid rap", but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th

Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?

Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece!

Twice? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?

Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school

I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leaving air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'm ready to go play
I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache

You faggots keep egging me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talking to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Bitch I'mma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you..

I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you

// Stan //

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you could've signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who could've saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you could've rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we could've been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*]

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit's just clowning , dawg
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!

// The Way I Am //

Whatever
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)
I don't know you and no
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

// The Real Slim Shady //

May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*Vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*]
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes [*slurp*]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*ewww!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*err*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*hach*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up

// Criminal //

A lot of people ask me stupid fucking questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody that I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that then I'll kill you
You know why?
'Cause I'm a criminal

Criminal
You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal
Yeah, I'm a criminal

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
Whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress
Hate fags? The answer's "yes"

Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging
That's my motherfucking balls
You'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum
You'll never get hold of 'em

"Hey, it's me, Versace
Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checking the mail."
Get it? Checking the 'male'?

How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon! Relax guy, I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an "amen". A-men!

Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital

Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing
'Cause I watch TV, and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from topping these charts
And you can't stop me from dropping each March
With a brand new CD for these fucking retards
And to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck still won't leave

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

My mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes, and speed
The baby came out disfigured, ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me

I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger

I drink more liquor
To fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word
My morals went ... when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee

Now don't ignore me
You won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired
And my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him

Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
"The Maniac's in" in place of the doctor
'Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather
So I'm taking his place

Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal

Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker
Get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
Aight
I'll be right here waiting on you
Aight
Yo Em
What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
Awwright. Goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fucking nerves
Aha?
How you doin'?
Hi, how can I help you?
Yeah I need to make a withdrawal
Okay
Put the fucking money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you!
What? Oh my God, don't kill me
I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit looking around
Don't kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me, don't kill me
I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you
Hurry the fuck up! Thank you!
Go, go, go!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes

Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet

If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut

Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'mma be a fucking rapist in a Jason mask

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

// Cleanin Out My Closet //

Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones. There you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

// Without Me //

[Obie Trice:]
Obie Trice
Real name no gimmicks

[Eminem:]
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back

I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)

You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?

Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter

I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene

No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Kids

// Sing For The Moment //

These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin' around with his headphones blarin'
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out (Bitch!)
'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stockin' cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate (Huh-uh)
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen?
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you (Yep), journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all their kids be listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter, but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense, B
It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl?
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! (Bitch!)

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too?
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they wanna get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up, ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin'
To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine (Ha-ha!)
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
So they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die
'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment, try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it 'cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone, just let our spirits
Live on through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can…

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

// Like Toy Soldiers //

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can't handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over T.V. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it I understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash him! Mash on him and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

// Mockingbird //

Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)

// Intro //

Woo!
Hey, how you guys doing
You want more?
Alright, then shut up!

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo shoobee snoobedeebeebop

Girl (girl, girl, girl)
You're my world (world, world, world)
You're my pearl (pearl, pearl, pearl)
You're my world, world world
Hey yo
Here's a song for the ladies

// Fack //

Ow, ow, ow (Oh, goddamn!)
I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!)
Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!)

(Oh yeah, God!) I never seen no chick like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick? Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star
Looks like Jenna, fack, I'm gonna
Cum, I think my rubber's comin' off
But oh, it's so fucking wet and soft
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off
And she's on top, I'm gonna facking
Oh, God, oh, don't do that
Don't, stop, stop, don't, I don't mean "don't stop"
Ow, wait a minute, ow, ow, fuck
I, I'm gonna fucking cum!

Ow, ow, ow (Oh, goddamn!)
I'm gonna fucking cum! (Oh, shit!)
Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!)

(Oh, yeah, God!) Ooh, wow, boom that pow
Ooh, ow, I need a cigarette now
Ow, I'm so fucking hot
And you're so fucking hot
Oh my god, I wanna facking fack
No not "fuck", I said "fack"
F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K
Fack, fack, fack, facking freak me!
Oh yeah, girl see, baby, they call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister, three-way
Have some threesome, me so horny
And you're such a fucking babe
I wanna go down on you—fuck, you shaved?!
Oh, goddamn, here I go again
I'm gonna cum, I am!

Ow, ow, ow (Oh, goddamn!)
I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!)
Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!)

I'm Slim Shady, uh, uh, uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh, uh, uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh, uh, uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh, uh, uh

Okay, I'm done, I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me cum
I'm all outta gas, not so fast
Uh, your finger just went in my ass
Ow, that hurts, take it out now
Oh, wait a minute, aw
Put it back in, in-in-in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs, boobs, boobs
Now see that gerbil, grab that tube
Shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uh
Yeah, right there, right there
Ah, I'm cumming, oh, yeah
Fack, I just came again
Okay, pull it out now, enhh
Oh, fuck yeah
Wait, he's not out, he's still crawling around up there
Ow, fuck, I think it's stuck
Ow, but it feels so fucking good

Ow, ow, ow (Oh, goddamn!)
I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!)
Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!)

Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Ew, ew, ew, ew

// Lose Yourself //

Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?

Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da da dum da dum da da da da

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9-to-5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

You can do anything you set your mind to, man

// Shake That //

Woo! Shady, Aftermath
(Look at that bitch!)
(Holy shit, hey!)
There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losin' control

Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up
Hit the strip club, don't forget ones, get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit-faceted
Pasted, plastered – puke, drink up
Get a new drink, hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin'
Still got a few chunks on them shoe strings showin'
I was dehydrated 'til the beat vibrated
I was revived as soon as this bitch gyrated
Them hips and licked them lips, and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit

Two to the one, from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good tree
Smoke so much weed, you wouldn't believe
And I get mo' ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one, from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me:
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfuckin' mountaintop
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy, just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie

We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up

(Now) Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rin-inse
Swish, but don't spit it; swallow it and now finish
Yeah, me and Nate D-O Double-G
Lookin' for a couple bitches with some double D's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna, finna

We 'bout have a party (Turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' slut
Some girls, they act retarded (Man, I told you!)
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can, but she won't say no

(Now) Look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
Now, I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

(Now) Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up

There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losin' control
God!
Come on
I ain't leavin' without you, bitch!
Comin' home with me!
And my boy, and his boy – and his boy, and his girl
Ha-ha, Nate Dogg!

// When I'm Gone //

Yeah...
It's my life...
In my own words I guess...

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play, Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-by baby...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more. "Daddy, you're lying.
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine."
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryna block it
"Daddy, please, Daddy, don't leave, Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with you."
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying, "You've got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight.
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late."
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy, it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding."
But, baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'.
"You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad.
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin.
I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going."
But, baby, wait.
"It's too late, Dad, you made your choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes,
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging,
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her,
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[*curtains closing and sounds of clapping*]

// Stan (Live At 43rd Grammy Awards) //

[Eminem:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, f it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

[Elton John:]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin' why
I got out of bed at all
The mornin' rain clouds up my window
Oh, I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert, you didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty crummy man, you're like his favorite idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad, though I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver?
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a crummy day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sucker rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan - P.S. We should be together too

[Elton John:]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin' why
I got out of bed at all
The mornin' rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months, and still no word - I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now - I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together - think about it!
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim - shut up, bitch! I'm tryna talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up - see? I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh, shoot, I forgot - how am I supposed to send this shit out?!

[Elton John:]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wonderin' why
I got out of bed at all
The mornin' rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that stuff just clownin', dawg, come on, how messed up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin' off the walls when you get down some
And what's this junk about us meant to be together?
That type of crap make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one... on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was - it was you

Damn...

// Dead Wrong (Remix) //

Bad Boy, baby
Yeah, yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah
B.I.G. 2000, B.I.G. 2000
Born Again. C'mon

The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke—gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer, motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace..." Smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capisce-ah? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fists like Cu-macho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up," niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clits
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was Humpin' Around and Jumpin' Around
Jacked her, then, I asked her, "Who's her man?" She said, "B-I-G,"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E

Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong

When I get dusted I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over, Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, uh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC, G's
Disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shooting babies; no ifs, ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with the ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
Come on
But Smalls don't get down like that
What a shit
Found your father hiding in a room, fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
That's right
Who you think you're dealing with?
Anybody step into my path is fucking feeling it
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
Work and pleasure
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon got the little hookers screaming (Woo!)
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

The weak or the strong, who got it going on? (You're dead wrong)
You're dead wrong Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it going on?
(This 2000, Bad Boy forever, baby) You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong who got it going on?
(Ladies and gentlemen...) You're dead wrong

There's several different levels to Devil worshiping
Horses' heads, human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals, having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kicked the habit
I just beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fucking meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a .9 in my pocket
And baby, I'm just dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My Uzi's heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I'll lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceiling, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third, then she's dead on the fourth
I'm dead wrong!

The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (You're dead wrong)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong (Uh-huh)
Who got it going on? (Born Again, yeah)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong [repeat to fade]

We won't stop, 'cause we can't stop

// Shit On You //

I'll shit on you
Da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you
Da da, da da, da da

I'll shit on you
Da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you
Da da, da da, da da

I'll shit on you
I will shit on you
I'll shit on you
Girl you know it's true
I'll shit on you
Bitch or man
I'll shit on you
I will shit on you

I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard, they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes ducking me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothing up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin' mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screaming
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll shit on you!)
I'll shit on you!

I will shit on you I don't care who you are
(I'll shit on you!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll shit on you!)

I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'm a keep eating 'til Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out
My fuckin' wife
I haven't had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking, cleaning
And sucking dick and that's it (I said it)
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre

My adolescent years weren't shit 'til what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in
The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
It's they who raised me and say the can take me
Come on
It's they who legs I brake and make achy
It's they who mistake me and make me so angry
(I'll shit on you!) I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and
(I'll shit on you!)

I will shit on you I don't care who you are
(I'll shit on you!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll shit on you!)

Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel God dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
Come on
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll shit on you!)
I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest

Yo, it's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!)
I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like D-Bo fighting Peablo Bryson (I'll shit on you)
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling"
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing

I will shit on you I don't care who you are
(I'll shit on you!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll shit on you!)

Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'Til I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll shit on you!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too 
A lot of people say misogynistic which is true
I don't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy girl dog woman man child
(I'll shit on you!)

I will shit on you I don't care who you are
(I'll shit on you!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll shit on you!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit on you!)
I will fuck your wife if you fuck with me
(I'll shit on you!)

You heard me, bitch
(I'll shit on you!)
D12
(I'll shit on you!)
You life, your wife, your kids, your car
(I'll shit on you!)
Your house, your spouse, your rings, your things
(I'll shit on you!)
(I'll shit on you!)
(I'll shit on you!)

// Renegade //

[Jay-Z:]
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (Bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do, through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid I penetrate pop culture
Bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
"No, he's not around." Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it?
I help them see they way through it—not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt

[Eminem:]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
'Cause, see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits, I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all will swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits?
But there's a huge interference, they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment?
Nah, nah!—That's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage (Ha-ha!)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here?
I don't think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go, he's Jigga-Jur-Jigga-Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a—

[Eminem (Jay-Z):]
—renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade!
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?) Anything! (Anything)
Renegade! (Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at any given time of day)
('Cause I'm a) renegade!
(Never been afraid to holler about anything)
Anything? (Anything) Anything!

[Jay-Z:]
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat
Feelin' braver, durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan my pops left me and often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
'Specially on nights I brought somethin' home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics, raisin' my head to the sky
Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight

[Eminem:]
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' "Dixie"
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a muh'fuckin'—

[Eminem (Jay-Z):]
—renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade!
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?) Anything! (Anything)
Renegade! (Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at any given time of day)
('Cause I'm a) renegade!
(Never been afraid to holler about anything)
Anything? (Anything) Anything!

Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade!
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?) Anything! (Anything)
Renegade! (Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at any given time of day)
('Cause I'm a) renegade!
(Never been afraid to holler about anything)
Anything? (Anything) Anything!

