Album: EminemPresentsTheReUp

// Shady Narcotics (Eminem Intro) //

Yeah!
God damn!
Feels like a long time, don't it?
Did you miss us?
We missed you!

Ha!
Shady Narcotics
It's the Re-Up!
Pussies
And we're back
Myself
D12
50 Cent
Obie Trice
Stat Quo
A-a-a-al-al-al-al-alchemist

And I would also like to introduce the two newest members of the family
One goes by the name of Bobby Creek
The other goes by the name of Ca$his from Orange County
And I think it's about time we just cut the bullshit. Let's go!

// We're Back //

Shady, we're back

Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
You better just make new living arrangements
If you think you're the top and king of the castle
You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is, I'm best at this and I'm best at that
But I don't hear my name no, ne'er brought up in rap
And I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
But when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
Or say "he ripped that Biggie verse or that Jay-Z
Yo, his verses were crazy on that Renegade beat
But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-I-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily"
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
When they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
And make it big-big-big-big-b-baby

So maybe the 80s made me crazy, I been tryna get my weight
Up since the Ace Slim Shady gave me the gate key, paved the way
So lately my stakes get better each day, replay my relay race
When I was chasin' the a fey at 18, 8 years later his voice in Beijing
No choice I chase cream so

Shady (Stat Quo!), we're back

This is what I eat, sleep, and breath and feed my kids would it fulfill all my family needs (c'mon)
I treat the mic like the block, fought with my rocks and squeeze
Critics expecting me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive by rollin' back my sleeves
Sure was a breeze I bring him right to his knees?
And tell him suck my dick, take a bow and leave with a sack full of unmarked cheese, I find it hard to believe
Who to pull or proceed to be Gs and claim they runnin' shit, nigga I run me, I run me
As a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me, that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood be asking where I be, dawg I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it drink my pee
Record song for the Detox LP, feet don't fail he, niggas got me bent like Cranberry and Bellvee?
I'm 'a die wealthy, boss in the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, A-Town's entrée, Aftermath Shady

Shady (Bobby Creek!), we're back

Y'all market y'all block, they sent me to corner that
Rap game's an old flame, my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth, I got the right net
Sittin' here excited by some shit that ain't right yet
No regret, live by a code you don't know 'bout
Y'all niggas won't be certified 'till I show I
Go out on a limb with Em, 'cause I'm with him
Put a barrel to the apparel of you and some of them
(None of them) stand a chance, at the dance without a bowtie
Shady Records re-introduce you niggas to Mow-ti
So high, of the light that they have given me
And the haters like a chauffeur because it's driven me
To a view with a vendetta I am the epitome
I don't give a fuck about ya nigga, I'm just living me
We the reason for the season
So I'm breezing through the track, nigga

Shady

I can prove I'm here to do something you never do
From hand to hand coke sales, from my revenue
I ain't been to a function, where I ain't snuck a weapon through
'Cause my background reveals a one eight seven too
To the block, I'm the truth, to the cops, I'm the proof of this
And niggas still out there, you just gotta shoot
I carry over my street ethics, to the booth
And the shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth
The difference between me and you, I already done it
And lived the street life, niggas run away from if
You follow my life, in a Midwest blunted
Pitchforks held high, four fifth by the stomach
You can find me right now, on the C.A. streets
I'm on the roof, of the building, shooting at police
Some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me
I'm a walking obituary, death live in me
I take life through the pen, by the way, I'mma see
Or have you raped in the pen, like American meat
I'm connected getting weight from MS 13
With S.K.'s, A.R.'s and Mini fourteens
I'm Cashis, the last of the real, with a strap
On Pro-sac, Ds and E-Pills, it's a rap
Get the block on tip, two for tens of crack
I'm in a lifetime contract, Shady's back
Nigga

Shady, we're back
Ha, I told you we was back
What
Ha ha ha

// The Re-Up //

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
We should do something like that, yeah (Yeah!)

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! (Ha ha)
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Woo!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom—Shady!

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again it's the... illest and realest killers
The most villainous, Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners? This music is in us, and it's
Not over 'til we say it's finished
And G-Unit spinners will keep spinning
This is hip-hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep sticking them pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next?
He's already reconciled with his ex
A chainsaw and an axe
Choke a bitch to death, strangle her neck
While we have sex, while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the facts, yeah, bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect? I never left, baby, I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zie automatically
Says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off-track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it, I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack-ass rap, kiss my black ass!

(Fuck this!)
50 Cent

Nah, Em, tell them to kiss my Black ass, the clean parts, the shitty parts
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the fif'll tear your ass apart
I came in this game crushing motherfuckers from the start
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick (Uh-huh)
Teflon wrapped on, 'case I get clapped on (Oh!)
D's searching the whip, glad I left the MAC home
Still grinding, still shining, nigga, Lord knows
You rocking with the kid to spit sicker sick flows (Woo!)
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it (Ha ha)
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it
Every day Dre day, front and cause a melee
Turn the town upside-down with a frown upside-down
I smile through something fowl, and watch my money pile
I'm fucking with straight stacks, I'm kicking you straight facts
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back! (Now)

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, go 'head front, get fucked up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Now)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit your ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady

// You Don't Know //

Shady

Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know

You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control
Hypnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbing my head or I'm just standing there watching
I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gon' get it, OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing my thang, you know the Unit's the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you'll have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh (ha ha)
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go)

Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, mi nemesis es su nemesis
Same for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is new gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party: Banks, Ca$his and Mr. Ferrari
"So is Shady Aftermizzath backin' that ass?", you izzask
Come izzon, what kinda fizzuckin' quizzestion is that?

Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K.
HK to your chest plate cave
I'mma ride to the death, do you rep that way?
Forever I'mma be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me

Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Ca$his creams
Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static
And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?

Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?

You know who this is
Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath
Lloyd Banks, Ca$his, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50
It's a movement, you can't stop it
Talk of New York, Tony Yayo

// Jimmy Crack Corn //

Man! Let's go
Hey yo, Fif'!
Yeah?
Call 'em and tell 'em
It's time to hate us again
We're back!
Ha ha! Ha ha!

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white, or albino, yeah
You can have cornrows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it and I won't say it
See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit
You can just keep makin' them tired old threats
A little bit like "The Boy Who Cried Wolf," yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightening bolts, right out the sky, go bad
From out of nowhere, you might just find your career
Come to it, (Eek!) and I'm just like (Oh, yeah!)

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

You jealous little fucks beg for my attention, but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit (Yeah)
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it
'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like "Go get 'em"
And I'm just like "Why you're tryin' to fight momentum?"
We just keep winnin', by landslides, oh, and um
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say "Our clothing line's on Fiyaa"
Meanwhile, your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her
Right in the ass with K-Y, yes, sir!
So full of joy, boy, am I absurd?
Even Chingy would tell you: "That boy don't curr"

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)
(Ha ha!)

Your homie got clapped on, man, I don't care
The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is, dawg, man, life's not fair
Your friends should've known not to front 'round here
Listen, kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear
They'll strip your ass of your jewels right here
Man, I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man, you can catch a hot one like outta nowhere
A beautiful day without drama is rare
Your girl's a freak, man, sometimes we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You probably heard about me, I'm a sho nuff player
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor
Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin'
I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin'

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

Ha ha, ha ha
Yeah!
It's The Re-Up!
Ha ha
God, I love it
You know you hate that laugh, don't you?
Ha ha, ha ha
Keep doin' it
Do it again
What?
The laugh
Oh, ha ha, ha ha!
I like that
Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha
Hehehe
You don't think they're gonna think we're really crazy, right?

// Trapped //

Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh

My life is trapped in these lines
That's why I'm packing these nines
I gotta rap I ain't dyin'
That's in the back of my mind
Got a strap made of iron
Can't relax on this grind
Bending over backwards for these slackers
'Til I'm snapping my spine
Natural high...I gotta focus
On these bogus poachers
Looking over my shoulder
Proof get it popping like soda hold up

We nothing but soldiers!!!
Slow up!
This gun is loaded!!!
Roll up!
They beef and we leaving 'em coked up!!!

If Em say it I spray it
If he will it I kill it
We Kilpatrick and ill it
Yo Detroit, know I can feel it
Real as this gun on my waistline
At war we don't waste time
Blow up magic can't take a punch
And fifty can take 9, brah
We got Schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and Dexter
I'm up in Hollis spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure
Yes sir, ya texta' is bitch
Bet you you flinch when Proof shoot up that coup
And wet your whole clique

// Public Enemy #1 //

Hello, what up? Hello?
Yo, I can't, I can't hear you
Let me call you right back

I sense someone's tappin' into my phones, why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon?
The FBI might be tryin' to pull my file soon
I might be walkin' blindfold into a typhoon
I might be seein' rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do, you can say good night
And bye-bye to them iTunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking dead man
Blank stare, dead pan, look on my face
As I gaze into space, as I wait to be scooped up in that van
As I mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gonna say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere
And I'll go down in the history as the bloodsuckin' leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dyin' the villain, not the hero, splendid
Stupendous way to end this
I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of September 11th
Flashback to September 7th
When 2Pac was murdered in Vegas
He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it
Should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day
By the crazed lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block
In the library book depository
Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know, or do they?
Who's they for them to say "touché"?
We're all vulnerable and it's spook-ay
This is about as kook-ay as I've ever felt now
Count down to nuclear meltdown
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
You can run, you can do what you want to
But you know you ain't gonna do nothin'
When it's time, it's your time, you are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy number one

// Shake That (Remix) //

Woo! Shady, Aftermath (B-G-O-V)
Look at that bitch, shit! Hey!
There she goes, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole (yeah, yeah)
I think I'm losin' control (Bobby, Bobby, Bobby creek!)

I bought a girl Patron, I get in the Henn', I'm gone
My eyes ain't clear and I'm long so she hearin' me wrong
I'm kinda in the zone 'cause the DJ playin' my song
Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known
I'm from Atlanta so Southern ain't just a part of my grammar
I can dump and cock my hammer for any nigga with ammo
But I came here to get on Goose and Tropicana
Get loose, put some more in my juice and your caboose
Sippin' everything from white cran to deuce-deuce
With nothin' to gain but migraines and loose tooths
Eminem came, then Obie, Stat and Proof too
Bobby Creek is in the place, the name is new too
But the money been around, my drinks is ten around
I can make her spin around, least she keep her dinner down
Simmer down, we can hit the telly when the fun stops
And I let you and your girl come tickle my gumdrops, yo

Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfuckin' mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock
Get'cha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy, just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie

We 'bout to have a party – turn the music up!
Let's get it started – go 'head and shake your butt!
I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, everyday she be givin' it up

Now shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Aw, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me

Obie Trice!

One slug couldn't snuff young cuz
Goodness gracious, haters stay on his nuts
Wood just like a hoodrat chick who was curious
Serious, full breast, ready to touch
Who's that in the Coupe blew back with a blue new hat
Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch?
True that, I had a few, Obie rollin' with brews
And Nathaniel annually knockin' the boots
It's all manual the way I get 'em outta they shoes
Talk a lil' shit, then they anus'll ooze
Hock a lil' spit on my dang-a-lang boo
It's Shady – you know the name of the crew
You know the aim is to bang you in a mansion
With a Magnum when the night came to the matinee
Mathers, Nate, Obie came to party
You better ask somebody

Now shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Aw, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me

Shady!

// No Apologies //

In my mind, I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
An arsenic writer, author with arth-r-itis
Carpal tunnel, Marshall with Start-Shit-Itis
Hardheaded and hotheaded, bullheaded and pigheaded
Dick-headed, a prick, a big headache
I'm sick, quick-witted; for every lyric spitted
There are six critics who wait for me to slip with it
So, quick—this dynamite stick, bury the wick
It's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it
And it's not Nelly, do not tell me to stop yelling
When I stop selling, I'll quit, so stop dwelling!
I am not failing, you fuckers are not ready
'Cause I got jelly, like Beyoncé's potbelly
This is destiny; yes, money, I'm off running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

No apologies! Nah, suckers, I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies! Y'all feeling the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
Nah, no apologies! Not even acknowledging you at all
'Til I get a call that God's coming
No apologies! Laugh, fuckers, it's all funny
I can spit in your face while you're standing across from me
No apologies!

My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow
I can't sleep, a pain so deep, it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow
Hands on my head, touch knees to elbows
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over
These cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough
So keep playing it, and stand next to the subs
I choke mics like asphyxiation
When I'm strangling my own throat masturbating, haha!
Fuck, yeah, I'm a basket case
And I'll master this rap shit 'til my ass gets wasted
'Til my assassination
'Til I'm slain because of some fag's infatuation
.44 mag's a fascination
A taste for disaster, and if that's the case, then—

No apologies! Nah, suckers, I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies! Y'all feeling the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
Nah, no apologies! Not even acknowledging you at all
'Til I get a call that God's coming
No apologies! Laugh, fuckers, it's all funny
I can spit in your face while you're standing across from me
No apologies!

This song isn't for you, it's for me
A true MC, it's what he'll do just to see
If he still has it and if his skills mastered
He's able to spill raps long after he's killed, that's a—
Real MC, got you feelin' me
Whether willing or unwillingly, you still agree
As long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't had this
Outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding, soaked in self-loathing
And mourning, so I'm warning you: don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be—
Fooled; the press blows up this whole thing
It's stupid, they don't know, 'cause they don't see
That I'm wounded, all they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talking 'bout these tattoos Cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of duking
They can suck my dick while I'm puking
And you, too, you can—

Expect no sympathy from me
I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my heart's frozen
It don't even beat, so expect no apologies
Expect no sympathy from me
I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my heart's frozen
It don't even beat, so expect no apologies

