Album: TheTemptationsWithALotOSoul

// (I Know) I'm Losing You //

Your love is fading, I can feel your love fading
Girl, it's fading away from me
'Cause your touch, your touch has grown cold
As if someone else controls your very soul
I've fooled myself long as I can
Can feel the presence of another man

It's there when you speak my name
It's just not the same
Ooh baby, I'm losing you
It's in the air
It's everywhere
Ooh baby, I'm losing you

When I look into your eyes
A reflection of a face I see
I'm hurtin', downhearted and worried girl
'Cause that face doesn't belong to me

Oh, it's all over your face
Someone's taken my place
Ooh baby, I'm losing you
You try hard to hide
The emptiness inside
Ooh, I can tell I'm losing you
Ooh
I don't wanna lose you

Ooh, I can tell when we kiss
From the tenderness I miss
Ooh, little girl, I'm losing you
Girl, I can feel it in my bones
Any day you'll be gone
Oh baby, I'm losing you
Oh my dear
What happened to the love we shared?
Oh baby, I'm losing you
I know it's true
There's someone new
Oh baby, baby, baby, I'm losing you

// Ain't No Sun Since You've Been Gone //

Into my life you bought a glowin love,
like a ray of sunshine from up above, ha
One day out of the clear blue sky, 
You darkened my world with the words good-bye. 
That's the day you left me for a stranger yeah baby baby 
When you left my life you've gone an you changed ah....baby I'm a tellin' you it Ain't no sun since you been gone....Ooo ooo....

Theres a big black cloud hanging over my head,
its a cloud of lonliness and I feel like I'm dead, Ha! 
Ain't no flowers bloomin' down at the shore
Since you chose to love me no more. 
I guess you know you took my sunshine away from me baby ya did,
Girl ya took the light from my world crushed my dreams and I don't mean maybe, yeah

An imma tellin' you there 
Ain't no sun since you been gone gone gone gone gone

My future, my future was as bright as the sun yes it was 
I aint got no future now that your gone.
ooooo, oooo

Ahh I guess you know you took my sunshine away from me baby, (took away my sunshine)
Girl you took the light from my world (took away my sunshine)
Crushed my dreams and I don't mean maybe 

Aww baby it seems like night in the middle of the day
everything around me is faded and grey. 
Cold are the days Dark creeps the night
Never bringing you back into my life
And there ain't no sun since you been gone gone gone gone gone

(Ain't no sun since you been gone)
its just a dark lonely world without you girl.....[fade]

// All I Need //

Forgive this fool, my darlin'

Oh, this heart of mine
Carries a heavy load
When I think about
How I've hurt you so

After you've been
Been so good to me
I've been unfaithful, darlin'
I've caused you misery

A feeling of guilt
How it tortures me
And only you, my darlin'
Oh, can set me free and

Darlin', all
All I need
Is just to hear you say
You'll forgive me
Forgive me, baby
All, all I need
To have you touch my hand
Say you'll understand

A moment of weakness, darlin'
Caused me to stray
Your trust in me, dear
I threw away

When I look
Look into your eyes
I can see the hurt, baby
That you feel inside

Although I hurt you, baby
You never once complained
It makes me feel, sweet darlin'
That much more ashamed
Tears of guilt, tears of guilt
Runnin' down my face
Tears that only you, baby
Only you can erase and

Darlin', all
All I need
Is just to hear you say
You'll forgive me
Forgive me, baby
All, all I need
To have you touch my hand
Say you'll understand

Forgive this fool, my darlin'

I know I made a big mistake
When all your love, darlin'
Yes, I did forsake
It's on my mind
It's in my heart
This guilty feeling
Tearin' me apart

With every step I make
Every breath I take
I'll make it up to you
I'll make it up to you

Undo the wrong I've done
Undo the wrong I've done
I've been unfaithful
I know it's true
But I'll make it up to you, baby

All, all I need
Is just to hear you say
You'll forgive me
Forgive me baby
All, all I need
To have you touch my hand
Say you'll understand

// (Loneliness Made Me Realize) It's You That I Need //

Ooooh Lonely man am I, ever since you said goodbye,
girl I know that I should have woke up, cuz it seems now that we've broke up,
your fairwell kiss is haunting mee, my two lips cry out constantly, 
let your heart let your heart be your guide, 
(forget about your foolish prid) 
forget about your foolish pride, 

(Baby I keep tellin, I keep tellin, baby I keep tellin)
starting tomorrow I keep telling myself, 
im gonna get out and find me somebody else, 
somebody thats sweet and kind who will erase you out of my miiind, 
but tell me how can I find somebody new baby, 
when my two arms keep reaching out for you, 
and my two lips keep right on repeating, 
its you that I need oooooohh, 
you know that even when I close my eyes to forget ya, 
I see your face and your memories too, 
girl I've never felt this lonelyness before, and hooo girl I just cant take it no more,

Every night a million tears I shed, Girl
girl i'm only goin out of my head,
just take a good look and you'll see what this lonelyness is doin to meee, 
(paul) (uh baby its you that need) ooooh (paul) dont you know that its you that I need (eddie) (baaaby) Oh I cant take this lonelyness, (its you that I need)
Awww baby I need ya, (Its you that I need) oooooh (?? Baby)

(You that I need) Some fool im gonna be no more, 
cuz i'll soon be knockin', knockin' on your door, 
gonna get down on my bending knees, 
beg and plead giiirl come back to me, 
its you that I need (ever night a million tears I shed)
giirl its you that I need (every morning goin out of my head)
girl take a good look and you'll see a, what does this lonelyness

// No More Water In The Well //

No more water in the well, no more.
No more water in the well, no more.
You take my love for granted
like water, water you spill and you waste.
Though love is thicker than water
it spills quicker than water
and you'll lookup one of these days,
and there'll be no more water in the well.
How long do you think my love can last
through sorrow pain and mistrust?
Today my love is strong,
but keep doing me wrong
and tomorrow it may turn to dust.

// Save My Love For A Rainy Day //

Running away sure ain't gonna help you

Oh girl why won't you talk to me on the phone
Every time I call you disguise your voice
And tell me you're not at home
And girl this cold shoulder you're giving me
I don't understand
Could it be that you've already got yourself a man
If not
Running away sure ain't gonna help you
I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get now
Running away sure ain't gonna help you
I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get

Could it be, could it be
That you're afraid of me
If so I never recall giving you a reason
You know how much I love you
I've overexposed myself
My heart has so much joy
That there is room for no one else
Running away sure ain't gonna help you
I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get
Running away sure ain't gonna help you
I'm gonna get you girl, I'm gonna get

// Just One Last Look //

Stop right there.
Let me picture you in my mind for the last time.
Soon you'll be walking out of my life.
Let me gaze upon you for the last time.

I need something to hold on to.
Something to carry me through.
All I need is one last look before you go.
So I'll have memories where ever I go.
One last look before you're gone.
So in my heart you'll live on and on.

Just one last look before we part.
So memories of you will fill my heart.
Let me remember my whole life through.
'Cause my happiest days, I've spent with you.
I remember your eyes that was my treasure.
Your tender lips that brought me pleasure.
Oh, loving you, I don't regret.
And all these things I don't want to forget.
How being without you will be hard to do.
But I want, I want what's best for you.
I rather see you happy with someone new, baby.
Than to bring, bring sorrow to you.
As you leave.
If you see tears in my eyes, just keep on walking.
Don't you worry.
All these tears you see, are tears of joy.
The joy of loving you and knowing you'd loved me.
It's given me enough happiness, so true.
To last my whole life through.
Just one last look before you go.
Let sweet memories overflow.
So the thought of you will live on and on.
Long after, after you're gone.
If I never see your face again.
Never feel your, your embrace again.
The happiness I've known with you,
Will stay with me, baby.
My whole through.
Just, just one last look before we part.
Just one last look to fill my heart.
Just one last look...

// Sorry Is A Sorry Word //

Remember me the one who heard your cries
And reached out and dried your eyes

Remember me the one who found you and wrapped all my love around you
When you were all alone and your dreams were all gone
When you were nothing but a tear stained face I did feel for you
Girl your broken wing is mended and your need for me has ended
Girl you say you must be free
You wanna fly away from me
You were lost and your yesterday is my tomorrow
And now you say you must be free, baby

Sorry is a sorry word after all I've done for you
Sorry is a sorry word when I need a love that's true

Out of sympathy and all you feel for me
After all the sweet love I've given to you (given you baby)
Girl you walk away with the best part of me
The love I gave to you to give it to someone new
And sorry won't ease the feeling.

Sorry is a sorry word after all I've done for you
Sorry is a sorry word when I need a love that's true

// You're My Everything //

You surely must know magic girl
Cause you changed my life
It was dull and ordinary
But you made it sunny and bright

Now, I was blessed the day I found you
Gonna build my whole world around you
You're everything good, girl
And you're all that matters to me

When my way was dark and troubles were near
Your love provided the light so I could see, girl
Just knowin' your love was near when times were bad
Kept the world from closin' in on me girl

I was blessed the day I found you
Gonna build my whole world around you
You're everything good girl 
And you're all that matters to me

Baby, you're part of every thought I think each day
Your name is in every phrase my lips say
Every dream I dream is about you 
Honey I can't live without you

Baby (baby), baby (baby), baby
You're my everything, you're my everything, yes you are
(Don't you know you're my everything)

You're the girl I sing about 
In every love song I sing
(You're my everything)
You're my winter baby
My summer, my fall and spring
(You're my everything)

Now, now, I was blessed the day I found you
Gonna build my whole world around you
You're everything good girl and you're all that matters to me
You're my everything, you're my everything, yes you are
(Don't you know you're my everything)
You're my everything, you're my everything
(Don't you know you're my everything)
You're my everything, you're my everything

(When my way was dark and troubles were near, don't you know that)
Don't you know you're my everything

// Now That You've Won Me //

Now that you've won me 
I hope that you'll remember how
Don't you forget it (no, baby)
'Cause you know I love you now
Keep on being sweet and kind in the same old way
Keep on saying that you're mine, each and every day

Now that you've won me
Now that you've won me

Now that you've got me 
I hope our heartaches don't begin
I hope my heart was not just a bet you had to win
Keep on kissing me day and night
Don't you ever change
Keep holding me tight, baby
Don't you dare start acting strange

Now that you've won me
Now that you've got me

I felt it quite a while ago, but I had to say "no"
I wouldn't admit it to myself
But I guess it's right that the truth comes to the light
I'll admit, this is it, baby
I'll admit, this is it

Now that I'm yours 
I hope you keep me for you own
Don't misuse me and then leave me all alone
Keep on doing the things that you did when we first met
I hope you still remember them
I hope you don't forget

Now that you've won me
Now that I'm yours 
Now that you've got me
Now that you've won me
Now that I'm yours

// Two Sides To Love //

The first love of your life wasn't true to you and it broke your little heart.
He loved you, then he left you, confused, misused and in the dark.
Won't you let me walk into your world of darkness and confusion?
Let me show you there's another side to love that's more than a sweet illusion.
If you just believe, just believe in love again.
You'll find there's two sides to love and what you experienced wasn't the real thing.
Cause true love is an emotion that can soothe your very soul.
It brings joy to a heart of sadness and warmth to a life grown cold.
Don't give it up. Don't hang your head down. Life can be beautiful.
Just open your heart, stretch out your arms. Let love work a miracle.
Though your dreams are shattered and torn, girl all your dreams can be reborn.
Cause it's never to late for your dream to come true. 
Just believe, just believe in a heart that's true.
You'll find there's two sides to love and all my love it's so true it  won't make you blue.
Cause true love won't bring troubles, it would bathe your troubles away.
It will ne're leave every dark cloud in the light and make room for a brighter day.
Two sides to love .
Let me show you the other side.
What you saw was the bad side.
Let me show you the real side.
Let me show you the true side

// Don't Send Me Away //

Don't send me away. (Don't send me away)
I've hurt you it's true.
Don't close the door. (Don't close the door)
I'll make it up to you.
'Cause you know that I (need your) your wonderful love.
Whoa
Don't send me away. (Don't send me away)
I may have been wrong.
But please let me stay. (Please let me stay)
Here, where I belong.
Darling, you know that I (need your) your wonderful love.
(I need) I need your love. (your love)
Dear, through all my days of mine, I need your love.
Dear, through every phase of mine, I need you love.
Everyday and in everyway.
Hmmm

[Instrumental]

Don't send me away. (Don't send me away)
For I surely be lost.
I'm willing to pay. (Willing to pay)
My life as the cost.
'Cause you know that I (need your love.)
Oh, you know I do. (I need your love)
Oh, I'll cherish you. (I need your love)
Oh, don't be cruel. (I need your love)

